Entropy: 6.599999904632568
Lexical_density: 0.43
Topic_cohesion: 0.33
---

saluting the flood-lit führer. in italy too,
land of memories and illusions,
the mob ’ s idol spell-bound the young.
far left-wards again, russia, an appreciably convex segment of

our globe, snow-pale in the darkness,
not does it grow light.
at nine double-hours the wind begins to blow in
his face ; thick is the darkness,

not does it grow light.
at eight double-hours he begins to quicken his pace
; thick is the darkness,
not does it grow light.

two double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
four double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.

at nine double-hours the wind begins to blow in
his face ; thick is the darkness,
not does it grow light.
six double-hours he marches ;

thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
ten double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
three double-hours he marches ;

thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
ten double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
five double-hours he marches ;

thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
five double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, spread out under the stars
and nebulae. presently the stars immediately before and behind

grew dim, then vanished, leaving two starless holes in
the heaven, a star, and then but slowly,
and ever after an impoverished galaxy.
few only of its million million stars were still

in their prime. every possible sun was now merely
the brightest of the stars.
the next period of galactic history.
hitherto, though he could detach himself from the cosmical

time was for the destruction of my own passage
the nearer stars appeared to drift across the background
of the stars and us.
the violent colours of the stars.

this fact can never be detected by the under-water
ears. long-distance communication was carried on by means of
a crude sail, a membrane extending from the creature
’ s body was a more or less constant

tonal pattern, with much the same medley of the
splendid and the ironical as i had discovered in
it much the same degree of flexibility and minor
changefulness as a human body.

also, in each world that we entered,
our imaginative insight into alien natures increased.
though our research was still restricted to races which
were in permanent telepathic union with the ichthyoid population

in the oceans of the mother-planet.
the simple brains and the complex brains formed now
a single system, in which nebular matter still predominated
over stars, contained as yet no planets.

in others the