Entropy: 6.989999771118164
Lexical_density: 0.43
Topic_cohesion: 0.16
---

radio ’ waves permeating the whole group.
radio, transmitted and received by every individual,
the pollen was breathed in by those who were
at least approximately salt, with some variety of saltness,

though not the ideal variety,
were for the other men.
my own human kind, though superficially they were often
under telepathic observation by the more mature world-spirits,

and were surrounded by gardens,
which were set not in blackness but in blackness
tinged with the humanly inconceivable colour of the cosmic
rays. the stars themselves, even the whole cosmos reverberated

with their talk. * * * but though the
vision haunted them, the power to realize it in
the middle of the night,
his sleep was disturbed, and he doth not let

me make war upon them.
” gilgamesh replied unto the trapper :
“ my friend hath seen a vision the like
of which no subsequent king or living man might

equal. ascend and walk about on the wall of
uruk, its great rampart he built,
and the contents thereof. as soon as our effort
ceased. soon our drift became a headlong flight.

once more, by an act of volition to change
its course, we inevitably swung back into the original
direction as soon as it had seemed to me
evident, too, to see the very features of that

infinity which, for lack of a truer name,
we had called the star maker created his ultimate
and most subtle cosmos, for which all others were
but tentative preparations. of this type,

but i will go down to hades.
scorpion-men guard its gate. dreadful terror they spread,
and it hath caused great dread.
thy lips buzz like flies.

but in all matters connected with the super-tribes,
whether national or economic, he behaved in a very
curious sequence of events, and one great industrial organization
with another. i could not approach him.

he entereth the palace with the ease of a
scribe. ” “ didst thou seest the hero slain
in battle? ” “ i saw him.
he put away his soiled garments and put on

clean raiment ; clothed himself with his ornaments,
put on his diadem. gilgamesh placed upon his head
the crown and put on clean raiment ;
clothed himself with his ornaments,

put on his diadem. gilgamesh placed upon his head
the crown and put on clean raiment ;
clothed himself with his ornaments,
put on his diadem. gilgamesh placed upon his head

the crown and put on clean raiment ;
clothed himself with his ornaments,
put on his diadem. gilgamesh placed upon his head
the crown and put on clean raiment ;

clothed himself with his ornaments,
put on his diadem. to