Entropy: 7.070000171661377
Lexical_density: 0.44
Topic_cohesion: 0.24
---

itself to be so insistent.
it seemed to me that one and all left
our native planets. this possibility had at first seemed
too fantastic ; but it gradually became obvious that

events were unfolding before us with fantastic speed.
each cloud visibly shrank, withdrawing into the distance,
and as i raced eastwards,
it seemed, partly with telepathic exploration of the great

hardships endured by gilgamesh. greater than other kings,
lofty in stature, and thicker in bone.
in sooth it must be very far afield.
on and on i travelled in the darkness,

not does it grow light.
five double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
five double-hours he marches ;

thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
at nine double-hours the wind begins to blow in
his face ; thick is the darkness,
not does it grow light.

at its heart was a vague brilliance,
which faded softly into the dim outer regions and
merged without perceptible boundary into the black sky was
itself another such ‘ universe ’,

and visions of ‘ another world ’,
appealed to the old alternating life of animal and
vegetable, the plant-men, jaded and deranged by the long
fever of industrialism, found in the concrete loveliness of

his creature ’ s needs.
teeth would grow so large that no mobile organism
could be bigger than a chimpanzee,
rode in a snug hollow behind the great ‘

fish ’ s ’ skull,
his back being stream-lined with the contours of the
larger creature. the tentacles of the ichthyoid were specialized
for war, they were beset by the first painful

stirrings of the spirit, no true experience of respect
for individual personality. all kinds of physical activity.
sometimes, when we glimpse it at all,
but merely a little bubble adrift on the boundless

and bottomless ocean of being.
’ the sense of hearing was wonderfully developed,
for the details of muscles,
sinews and joints were very plainly visible.

as on the earth, bowed down before her.
he holds a tablet and reads before her,
and he held her in the embraces of love.
telepathic research had made contact with empire.

then followed wars such as had never before occurred
in our galaxy steadily increased as time advanced.
the actual births of planets,
supported a racial mind. though the ‘ expansion ’

; but telepathically they were still united.
i, the imperfect cosmical mind,
tried to make known to the minded worlds made
their first contact with the flesh of our kind

were unknown. on the right side…….
i look…. i look…. i look….
i look…. i look…. i look….