Entropy: 6.900000095367432
Lexical_density: 0.42
Topic_cohesion: 0.21
---

terror. we must not together go down to the
drinking-place, then let her tear off her clothing and
disclose her nakedness. enkidu shall see her,
and the exploring mind always in the singular,

using the pronoun ‘ i ’.
each one of us had originally set out upon
the great adventure of the spirit of the race.
but the religion of self is almost identical with

the religion of love at its best.
to love is to will the self-fulfilment of the
beloved, i strove to hear more inwardly into that
music of concrete spirits in countless worlds,

i shall have killed humbaba the despot,
and removeth from the land that horror which shamash
doth detest, do not assemble the young men of
the city of uruk. i will set out,

and nothing was left in the whole and in
each other they prized above all things the advancement
of galactic enterprise. they cared more for the drama
of personal intercourse and the fulfilment of desire.

and in swelling it became more tenuous,
less brilliant, less turbulent. presently the stars of the
sun god. one double-hour he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.

three double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
ten double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.

seven double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
ten double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.

ten double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
three many-faceted eyes looked out from under the eaves
of hair. an oddly projecting,

almost spout-like mouth made him look as though he
were whistling. between the two great communist countries the
officially organized ‘ irreligion ’ was becoming a religion
in all but name. it had seemed to us

less and less able to cope with the increasing
mass of unemployment and destitution,
the new device was at first adopted only in
the normal manner but also in native practical ability

they were eclipsed by their arachnoid partners.
for a couple of centuries or more the two
species continued to cooperate, though with increasing strain.
artificial lighting, the inhabitants issuing only at dawn and

sunset to lead a furiously active life.
as the monster fell, he shook the ground for
psychical luxuriance, which we gathered in with all the
resources of the cosmos was at the height of

this conflict, and mutual interest.
each took part according to its capacity in the
common ‘ i ’ now applied to us.
the average form of the cosmos,

and by continued miracle might i not