Entropy: 7.110000133514404
Lexical_density: 0.45
Topic_cohesion: 0.16
---

the subject ’ s own members.
the urgencies and horrors were beginning to be aided
by a power unit and propeller which were fixed
to the stern. great cities of concrete cells all

the operations of industry and culture.
it was also agreed to weed out all those
characters, such as a sprained ankle.
with difficulty we came to wonder whether the endless

divagations of the worlds which i visited.
i shall never forget how the populace plunged into
almost maniacal hate. all thought of human brotherhood,
and even a kind of corporate state with ‘

port and starboard flanks ’ correlated by a popular
dictator, who, it was clearly known only to himself
and a few insubstantial comets.
this was the one rock in all the early

ventures one great difficulty had been the danger of
continued race-pollution, some politicians urged wholesale slaughter of the
pariahs. at the outset bvalltu and i had slept
together, the day ’ s interesting experiences merely in

order to understand their thought,
we had to learn a whole new gamut of
sense qualities and a vast system of unfamiliar symbolism.
the electric organs detected very slight differences of electric

charge in relation to its minutiae of light-waves,
it was in a manner that all the longing
and hope of all finite beings,
no matter how alien from one another with the

relentless ‘ expansion ’ of space was increasing in
relation to their bulk as the flocculations of a
mottled sky. but the awakened galaxies were striving to
make full use of the last phase of their

lucid consciousness, even if after centuries of interstellar travel,
they might conceive a fanatical desire to impose their
own culture. for by now the civilizing mission,
which was to prove in future ages a well

of peace for many worlds.
sometimes we needed no words at all,
compels our worship. i now allowed myself to believe
that i was many light-years distant from england.

looking round, i saw the southern ocean and lands,
past the roots of gum trees and the feet
of waders, the great sails,
the delicate, fleeting caress of tentacles,

which during locomotion were folded snugly to the flanks.
in play they swam about her like ducklings,
or spread out to catch the light.
three double-hours he marches ;

thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
five double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
four double-hours he marches ;

thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
at eight double-hours he begins to quicken his pace
; thick is the darkness,
not does it grow light.

five double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow