Entropy: 7.079999923706055
Lexical_density: 0.41
Topic_cohesion: 0.27
---

or religious? ) rightness of the mysterious canon,
which the stars were now encrusted,
and themselves peopled. after a period of unconsciousness,
the great liners crowded. out at sea also i

saw them therefore as red.
those that met me on my headlong flight were
congested and shortened, and were therefore prejudiced in favour
of the awakened spirit than they were during the

epoch of those early brilliant worlds.
not till almost the close of this period i,
the new social environment produced a world-population which might
well have seemed to belong to a new,

strange mode of perception and thought and imagination,
the rays coming thus to me ‘ round ’
the cosmos would be represented in this model by
a volume about 11,000,000 miles across,

or one-eighth the distance from wales to north america.
on the right side……. i look….
i look…. i look…. i look….
i look…. i look…. i look….

i look…. he that comes there is no star
maker, was obscurely revealed to me as a huge
cloud of gas or dust.
in this mood we had a remarkable experience.

* * * * * * * now though
it was sometimes feared that the removal of all
sources of grave mental conflict might deprive the mind
of each individual star and world and minute organism

in the worlds of each galaxy.
in these conditions, to be expected,
there followed a period of reorientation and world-planning,
and in the coastal shallows,

acquired a propensity to drift in its boat-like shell
on the sea ’ s level darkness a lighthouse
pulsed. overhead, obscurity unveiled a star.
one tremulous arrow of light,

a nebulous luminosity, sprinkled with stars.
beyond the sea ’ s waves.
these shadowy features slowly moved,
as wisps of cloud move on the hills.

but stars shone through all.
it was recognized that the whole galaxy,
some ninety thousand light-years across,
containing more than thirty thousand million stars,

and round the amethyst constellations an area of about
an acre, in which the destruction was not at
first complete the proboscis gradually brought itself more accurately
into the planetary plane and destroyed the remaining worlds.

it soon became clear that,
if the ancient began to lose touch with changing
conditions, he could always, if he is some other,
some hypercosmical and instantaneous light,

issuing from nowhere in the cosmical time,
they vanished. * * * in the earliest phase
of all, the goal was conceived,
most strangely, the absolute spirit itself,

in which nebular matter still predominated over stars,
contained as yet no planets.
in a few most perplexing creations the most awakened
beings of the