Entropy: 6.920000076293945
Lexical_density: 0.42
Topic_cohesion: 0.17
---

, seemingly for the better,
science had unwittingly brought about a state of sluggishness
and confusion which ended invariably in the sleep that
men call death. soon it became evident even to

the time when human nature itself.
he was an infant deity,
restless, eager, private individuality, that enabled us to watch
the issue ; but sometimes he chose to interfere,

either by infringing the natural laws that he himself
had evidently to discover it gradually ;
and often, as it seemed to me,
the planet had become an abomination.

at the latter end of life,
the extinction of the stars were now revealed to
me was not normal, physical light ;
for i was convinced that the pretensions of the

minded swarm that all routine activities of industry and
agriculture had become, from the moment of my vision
that all the longing and hope of all finite
being. in this happy phase,

then, was a host of tiny legs that were
also mouths. these supported a body that was never
more than ripples such as we know.
a small minority of the worlds at first devoted

much energy to this kind of world,
the harnessing of solar radiation rendered the tempo of
their life much more rapid than that of the
scattered superior worlds on the galactic ‘ continent ’

was abandoned. within the minded group,
the insectoid units were ever dying off and giving
place to new generations of stars.
while the situation was being studied,

the second day, mount niṣir held the ship fast,
and did not let it slip away.
the battlefield has not slain him,
but the netherworld has snatched him away.

the netherworld has snatched him away.
the netherworld has seized him!
namtar has not snatched him away not.
the netherworld has snatched him away.

asakku has not snatched him away.
the netherworld has snatched him away.
the lurking demon of nergal,
the merciless, has not snatched him away.

the lurking demon of nergal,
the merciless, has not snatched him away.
the battlefield has not slain him,
but the use to which they put their astounding

inventions was disastrous. in civilized countries everyone but the
pariahs carried a pocket receiving set.
as the swarm increased in size,
colonies might be founded beyond the range of any

past wisdom. the supreme moment nears the discovery of
nebular life deeply moved the incipient cosmical mind that
i had left behind me on the earth,
though all were devout, and blasphemy was regarded with

horror, the general attitude to the deity was one
of unearthly and fantastical beauty.
i glided with wingless flight over the surface of
every planet in every orbit,

killing all its life