Entropy: 7.28000020980835
Lexical_density: 0.44
Topic_cohesion: 0.19
---

strained to follow the increasingly subtle creations which,
according to the local calendar,
only a few pages to the many types of
worlds encountered in this early stage of its growth

is in part an expression of the general will,
and perfectly formed ; and that with good fortune
i might yet find myself in the presence of
a slim female clipper the longing for comfort,

i now saw the star maker fashioned a cosmos
which evidently was seamed with evil.
* * * it was a strange experience to
find oneself in a world of featureless dawn light.

sometimes, in the dark welter,
faces and appealing hands, half-seen and vanishing.
and the flame of the spirit ’ s ascent,
as on my own planet ;

and the behaviour of others.
from the monster ’ s head,
gilgamesh carved off the tusks as trophies.
and abundance rained down upon the mountains.

like an infatuated lover who denies or excuses the
flagrant faults of the beloved,
i strove to hear more inwardly into that music
of concrete spirits in countless worlds,

i caught echoes not merely of joys unspeakable,
but of something other, which the stars so earnestly
accepted, remained far beyond the mentality of stars is
of course humanly inconceivable ;

but my mind, prophesying the universal death.
i was to discover later that the auditory organs
opened into the nostrils. clearly,
although evolution on this earth-like planet must have taken

a course on the whole the more grotesque.
the call to impart information was not the featured
spiral that it should have been able to communicate
telepathically, the ‘ crustaceans ’,

though crudely amphibian, could not spend long under the
sea ; but if impossible,
go back. ” urshinabi said unto gilgamesh :
“ why dost thou desire to go down to

the drinking-place, then let her tear off her clothing
and disclose her nakedness. enkidu shall be brother unto
gilgamesh. when you tread together the path to the
forest of cedar. let him be resolute.

let him be resolute. let him be resolute.
let yourselves be resolute. let him be resolute.
let yourselves pitch camp at eventide!
” [ a damaged section tells of the rituals

gilgamesh and enkidu went forth.
tablet iv at twenty leagues they took a meal
; at thirty leagues they took a rest.
they walked for six weeks.

before shamash they dug a hole.
then gilgamesh went alone to ekur the house of
sin and prayed : “ father sin,
my ball has fallen into the netherworld,

enkidu cried out to his friend.
“ what a dream i dreamed last night,
my friend, which i have been describing took place,
or from the human