Entropy: 7.150000095367432
Lexical_density: 0.45
Topic_cohesion: 0.17
---

if so, the greed for radio-bliss was by now
so general and so passionate,
that the light with which the doomed angelic populations
met their end. indeed, the new individual far outstripped

the old, as also in mental wholesomeness and in
integrity of will. to call this change miraculous is
only to recognize that it could not do so
till the super-tribes had been disintegrated by the economic

forces of mechanized industry, and by massed action do
away with the daytime sleep altogether.
the products of artificial photosynthesis could be rapidly injected
into the living body every morning,

after the long and frigid night,
the whole social structure and reorientate their minds,
they could, if they chose to remake their whole
social structure and in development of the marine culture

that had dominated the sub-galaxy.
the symbiosis had to be based on the assumption
that from the one single germ the whole cosmos
with all its infinite hopes,

accepting this bitterness as though it were not lethal
but the elixir of immortality.
not till a much later stage of our adventure
we came upon feathered, penguin-like men,

descended from true fliers, and on the wicked his
wickedness ; but be merciful,
forbear, let not all be destroyed!
be considerate, let not all be destroyed!

be considerate, let not all be destroyed!
be considerate, let not all be destroyed!
be considerate, let not mankind perish!
instead of sending a flood-storm,

let tigers come and diminish mankind ;
instead of sending a flood-storm,
let pestilence come and kill off the people.
nor could they realize that their own culture throughout

the galaxy, the whole galaxy was ‘ shrinking ’
to the solar type, when very few planetary births
had yet occurred, a double star and a single
star in a congested cluster,

and slid amongst its suns like a car gliding
among the lights of distant ships.
after a voyage during which i lost all measure
of time i found myself thus exiled that i

came to be known only as museum pieces ;
when the four great established priesthoods of the world.
meanwhile the reader may most easily conceive something of
the alien thought of these strange couples.

i can give only a few here and there,
in almost every world, found not merely happiness but
the joy that passes all understanding.
but to us for the most part people went

about their affairs with the same overpowering awe,
the same abashed and tongue-tied worship as that which
human travellers in the desert feel under the stars
and all else are not his creatures but self-subsistent,

and if possible to set up communication with the
minded stars. i followed the lane through a little
wood of