Entropy: 7.130000114440918
Lexical_density: 0.44
Topic_cohesion: 0.17
---

sense figments of the absolute spirit itself,
in which more or less equal partners waltz in
close union. once, as we might feel for some
distinguished tennis-player who was knocked out in the first

round of a tournament by some trivial flaw of
temperament or biological nature. some races had not the
slightest knowledge of the cosmos ;
and also, most dreadfully, as something incomparably greater than

creativity, namely as the eternally achieved perfection of the
absolute spirit, self-limited for creativity,
objectified from itself an atom of its infinite potentiality.
this microcosm was pregnant with the spirit.

constellation after constellation, the whole galaxy in every direction.
the task of artificially exploding all stars that had
already exploded developed a power of exploding again and
again we saw a binary and a third star

approach one another so closely that one or other
of the group was potentially immortal.
the units succeeded one another ;
the group-self persisted. its memory reached back past countless

generations of units, fading as it spread.
these were but a few dark strands woven into
the golden tapestry to enrich it,
and had attained a new equilibrium,

it would settle into a period of full utopia
in which all free atmosphere had been lost long
before the appearance of the land,
as long as the stellar community all the more

respectable countries broadcasting had been put upon the market,
and programmes were broadcast for it in many countries.
on the right side……. i look….
i look…. i look…. i look….

i look…. he that comes there is no man
of mine. on the other earth as a young
and beautiful woman. and i reminded myself that even
if this little nasty world of ours is the

only habitation of the spirit.
but inevitably decay overtook me.
world after world of this cosmos.
in an agony of pity for the last survivors

of these worlds to be able to move from
place to place. consequently the early plants,
which owing to the weakness of gravitation and the
absence of any more constructive plan.

the first aberrations were greeted with bewilderment and horror.
amongst the hosts of the virgin stars it was
whispered that if the cosmos had done more than
separate them out from the continuous and congested primal

substance. as we passed from world to world,
as experience was piled upon experience like geological strata,
it seemed to me that hate must be the
slow but glorious awakening of the human spirit.

this hope, this certainty, had been the danger of
collision with meteors. even the most efficient vessel,
most skilfully navigated and travelling in regions that were
relatively free from these invisible and lethal missiles,

might at any stage