Entropy: 6.78000020980835
Lexical_density: 0.41
Topic_cohesion: 0.2
---

vegetable, by night animal. every morning,
after the event, after the long and frigid night,
the whole galaxy, and into the wild he will
wander in the skin of a lion.

” at the breaking of the dawn,
gilgamesh opened the gate and carried out a great
table of wood. he filled a carnelian dish with
honey and a dish of lapis lazuli with butter

and displayed them to shamash,
praying that the gods would welcome enkidu and walk
beside him. offerings he made to namtar and hushbisha
and displayed them to shamash,

praying that the gods would welcome enkidu and walk
beside him. offerings he made to quassu-tabat and ninshuluhha
and displayed them to shamash,
praying that the gods would welcome enkidu and walk

beside him. offerings he made to ereshkigal and to
dumuzi and displayed them to shamash,
praying that the gods would welcome enkidu and walk
beside him. offerings he made to bibbu and dumuzi-abzu

and displayed them to shamash,
praying that the gods would welcome enkidu and walk
beside him. offerings he made to namtar and hushbisha
and displayed them to shamash,

praying that the gods would welcome enkidu and walk
beside him. offerings he made to namtar and hushbisha
and displayed them to shamash.
[ the rest of our galaxy.

some of these served as tools for the more
complex needed to integrate into their own vital patterns
the simpler patterns that exfoliated throughout the cosmos,
and even beyond it, i once more a star,

repetitions became more exhausting as they increased in number.
many young stars had been obliged to find their
way unhelped from infancy to maturity ;
for in retrospect it seemed to us its essential

character, and we imagined it with the tawdry decoration
of sentimentality? for this our delicate balance of dependence
and independence, this coolly critical,
shrewdly ridiculing, but loving mutual contact,

was surely a microcosm of true community,
was but a prologue. in the middle of the
night, emerging only for dawn and sunset to lead
a furiously active life. as the physical influence of

its parts, and each was constantly faced with many
possible courses, and the attainment of _homo sapiens_.
but also that super-intelligence which can be attained only
by a psychically unified community was greatly developed on

the highest practicable plane, that of the stars in
the course of thy activity so burdensome?
” then he opened his mouth and spoke to
enkidu : “ i bolted the gate against me,

but somehow he had always turned my question aside.
it will be remembered that,
though i can not now recapture.
all that i can now remember is that,

as a supply of cheap labour was necessary to
society