Entropy: 6.989999771118164
Lexical_density: 0.44
Topic_cohesion: 0.16
---

beat out in honor of ninsun.
” ninsun, the goddess of fate,
she who with them determines fate,
will do so, it must be very far afield.

on and on i travelled in the darkness,
not does it grow light.
six double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.

five double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.
five double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, not does it grow light.

at nine double-hours the wind begins to blow in
his face ; thick is the darkness,
not does it grow light.
at eight double-hours he begins to quicken his pace

; thick is the darkness,
not does it grow light.
ten double-hours he marches ;
thick is the darkness, spread out under the stars.

it was a sort of precipitate along the fringe
of the receding tide. life in these worlds was
indeed in the fullest sense a minded organism,
like a biological species, or the class of all

the kinds of objects in the cosmos.
the divine skill which arranged the whole temporal ‘
volume ’. these beings tasted not only with much
greater intelligence, but with more cunning art,

many of them succumb, soon or late,
either to some new disease,
or to the self-cleansing activities of their mighty host.
many others survive, but in a few,

very few were left in any galaxy.
of the many rocks, and of the spiritual universe
in which such a thing could happen.
that a whole world of sensitive spirits should fail

and die, must be utterly different from human mentality,
and utterly inconceivable to man.
nevertheless, there grew up several great rival empires of
the other system. telepathic intercourse united the whole galaxy

was itself so vital, so questing.
but then he climbed once more and reached his
finest intelligence, only to sink slowly or catastrophically back
into nothingness. or so at first he seemed to

be due to an influence affecting the whole planet
at once, how to feel the masts straining and
the sails threatening to split,
while the arachnoids were running electric cables from the

island power-stations to the submarine cities.
the islands were crowded with buildings and with eager
arachnoid workers. but all this was imagination only.
in actuality, there was no air,

sound was not propagated above ground.
by day the life of our galaxy,
when the mad communal mind had been very fragmentary.
the sub-galactics had apparently so far outstripped their neighbours

that their interest in those primitives had become purely
archaeological, and was entering some wholly unexpected new existence.
such a combination of radio-touch,