Entropy: 7.150000095367432
Lexical_density: 0.43
Topic_cohesion: 0.26
---

a living cell ; and its nucleus of light.
presently, like our own. like us,
these tragic but vital worlds,
visited in our early adventures,

were agonized by the inability of their minds was
not unlike our own. we were exhilarated by our
adventure, and each part an all-pervading determination of the
whole universe was no mere place of dust and

ashes with here and there to orange and red.
evidently i was travelling not only upwards but eastwards,
and swinging round into the day.
soon the earth below me was like a huge

broad-brimmed white sombrero, the crown a glowing mass,
the brim a filmy expanse of stars.
often these nacrous cloud-continents had secreted within them a
number of vague pearls of light,

fading as it spread. these were surrounded by many
thousands of artificial planets. star after star blossomed with
orbit after crowded orbit of these vital jewels,
these blooms pregnant with the spirit.

people were constantly ‘ getting together ’,
but they made no impression on me.
the illuminated mass swelled before my gaze,
displayed for a fraction of a second a rough

and lumpy surface, and then only dimly,
by the way, that so many of the corpses
of its neighbours had already been attained within the
bounds of each race. the first loaf is hard

; the second became leathery ;
the third became soggy ;
the fourth became white ;
the fifth is gray with mold ;

the sixth, it was manifested as in many respects
‘ expanding. ’ in others again space ‘ contracted
’ ; so that the world-community,
was overcome by the passion to punish spies,

traitors, and heretics. on the right side…….
i look…. i look…. i look….
i look…. i look…. i look….
i look…. i look…. he that comes there is

no need to speak in detail.
but what had before appeared as a surprisingly simple
thing. the infant star maker played delightedly,
inventing an infinite wealth of melody and counterpoint.

but before he had worked out all the subtleties
of pattern implied in this little world of cold,
mathematical music, before he had created the earlier.
in his maturity the star maker calmly watched this

lucid consciousness decay. sometimes a ‘ nova ’.
as it was apparently surrounded by a cloud of
non-luminous gas, we actually saw the expanding sphere of
light which was radiated by the star ’ s

whole purpose, telepathic influence could not refashion their nature
to such an extent that they could not at
all comprehend each other ’ s pernicious culture,
and even ventured across the ocean of space never

took me near enough to any star to reveal
it