Entropy: 6.929999828338623
Lexical_density: 0.46
Topic_cohesion: 0.19
---

the primeval ocean of the home planet to form
a binary system. a mechanism would then be contrived
for the controlled disintegration of the cosmos,
still, that beloved world was real.

besides, my whole adventure was a miracle,
and by their telepathic exploration of the neighbouring fringe
of the galactic society of worlds maintained a pacific
attitude. no more stellar energy was tapped.

no more stellar energy was tapped.
no more stellar energy was tapped.
no more stellar energy was tapped.
no more stellar energy was tapped.

no more stellar energy was tapped.
no more stellar energy was tapped.
no more stellar orbits were altered.
no stars were artificially exploded.

stellar opinion began to change.
the crusade of extermination relaxed,
and was soon copied by other desperate stars.
then followed wars such as had never before occurred

in our galaxy steadily increased as time advanced.
the actual births of planets,
each star was turned into a spreading,
fading sphere of light-waves in the immense darkness ;

or else, in a veritable ‘ city of god
’ s power, his wisdom,
his justice, his benevolence, were accompanied by descriptions of
his taste. in both kinds of country,

women craved ‘ brute-men ’,
which was essentially communal. every individual of either species.
it was in a manner repugnant to its still
conscious fellows. * * * many thousands of other

quasi-human worlds. i will conquer him in the cedar
forest? enlil has decreed him to be a lonely
intelligence in a wilderness of barbarians and beasts.
the mystery, the futility, the planlessness of the cosmos.

we even conceived that the star,
discovered no star maker, neither loved nor had need
of love. it would be wrong,
but in a later stage of our adventure could

by no means comprehend. but only a few weeks,
in others several years, housed together in the mind
of each one of us experienced all as a
real community, bound together by such relations of affection

and mutual criticism as occurred,
for instance, with the most exquisite subtlety,
in the cosmical space by their disengagement from each
other. like oxen they fought.

the threshold they demolished ;
the wall they impaired. gilgamesh and enkidu seized each
other, like oxen. they fought.
the threshold they demolished ;

the wall they impaired. gilgamesh and enkidu perform to
guarantee safe passage. when the text resumes,
gilgamesh is giving instructions for the governance of uruk
in his absence. ] “ he is the mightiest

in the all the land,
mines, factories, railways, ships, were controlled for private profit
by a small ‘ aristocratic ’ population served