The Epic of Gilgamesh
TABLET I
I will tell of the history of Gilgamesh, he who knows all that has happened and has seen all the lands of the world, he who has seen all kinds of wisdom and knows the mysteries and has seen what is hidden. He bringeth news dating farther back than the deluge. He has travelled far-distant roads and became weary, and now he has engraved on standing stones the whole of the story.

When the gods fashioned Gilgamesh, to him they gave a perfect form. The glorious sun Shamash bestowed upon him glory; Adad the terrible god of storms bestowed upon him courage. The great gods perfected his magnificence beyond all others, terrible like the great wild bull. Two thirds god they made him; one third man they made him.

Of Uruk, its great rampart he built, and the wall of the sacred Eanna temple, the holy sanctuary. Behold the outer walls which gleam with the brilliance of copper; see the inner wall which none might rival. Touch the threshold stone—it is from ancient days. Goest thou into the Eanna temple, yea, the dwelling place of Ishtar, the like of which no subsequent king or living man might equal. Ascend and walk about on the wall of Uruk, inspect the corner-stone, and examine its brick-work, whether its wall is not made of burned brick, and its foundation laid by the Seven Sages. One third for city, one third for garden, one third for field, and a precinct for the temple of Ishtar. These parts and the precinct comprise Uruk. Unveil the tablet box of copper. Unlatch the clasp of its brazen lock. Unbind the fastenings of the hidden opening. Bring forth and read out the lapis lazuli tablet that tells of the great hardships endured by Gilgamesh.

Greater than other kings, lofty in stature, a hero born in Uruk, a wild and rampaging bull was he. He leads forth at the front, the leader; he brings up the rear, a trusted companion. He is a great net who protects his men, a thrashing flood-wave capable of devastating even walls of stone. As son of Lugalbanda, Gilgamesh is perfection in his strength, son too of the august cow, Ninsun, the goddess. Gilgamesh is tall, glorious, and terrific. It was he who cut open the passes through the mountains, who dug the wells on the slopes of the mountainsides, and who crossed the ocean itself, the great sea, to meet the sunrise, exploring every part of the whole world for the secret of life. It was he who by his strength alone reached Utnapishtim, the distant, who restored the holy places that the Flood had destroyed, and who for the teeming masses instilled the rites of heaven. 

Who can rival Gilgamesh? Who might like him say “It is I who am king?” From the moment of his birth his name has forever been Gilgamesh. Two thirds god they made him; one third man they made him. The Great Goddess herself planned the shape of his body; glory, beauty and perfection were bestowed on him by Nudimmud. His foot was a triple cubit in size, his leg half a rod. Six cubits did he cover in each stride. His cheeks were flush with ample beard, and his hair was thick like barley. His beauty was beyond compare, he was the most handsome man on earth.

Around the enclosed space that is Uruk he walks, mighty like the wild bull, head raised high. None with weapon might challenge him as rival. His men stand at attention, longing for his orders; but the old men of Uruk grouse that Gilgamesh has left no son to his father, for his arrogance has grown boundless. He has taken all their children, for is Gilgamesh not the shepherd of his people? Gilgamesh does not leave a daughter to her mother, nor the maiden to the warrior, nor the wife to her husband. Yet Gilgamesh is the magnificent and glorious shepherd of his people. 

The gods heard the people’s cry, and the gods of heaven beseeched the Lord of Uruk, Anu the god: “His men stand at attention, longing for his orders. Gilgamesh has left no son to his father, for his arrogance has grown boundless. He has taken all their children, for is Gilgamesh not the shepherd of his people? Gilgamesh does not leave a daughter to her mother, nor the maiden to the warrior, nor the wife to her husband.”

Anu heard the lament of the gods, and they also cried aloud to  Aruru, the goddess, saying, “Aruru, who hast created him, create now a rival to him, for the time when his heart shall be stormy. Maketh them a match for one another in strength that in contending with one another Uruk might have peace.” Upon hearing these words, Aruru conceived a man of Anu in her mind. Aruru washed her hands, she broke off a piece of clay; she cast it on the ground. Thus she created Enkidu the hero. The whole of his body was covered with hair. He was clothed with long hair like a woman. The quality of his hair was luxuriant, like that of the Corn-goddess Nisaba. He knew not the land and the inhabitants thereof; he was clothed with garments as the god of the field. With gazelles he ate herbs, with the beasts he slaked his thirst, with the creatures of the water his heart rejoiced.

At the drinking-place Enkidu met a great trapper a first day and then a second and a third day, and on all three the two men came face to face. On seeing Enkidu the trapper grew pale with fear. He took all his animals and retreated to his home. Stiff with fright and numb with terror, his heart beat wildly. Fear filled him to the core, and his face had changed like a man who had journeyed far. The trapper speaketh unto his father. “A man unlike no other cometh down from the mountains. His strength is beyond compare; he is like unto an immortal. He rangeth over all the mountains. Regularly with the beasts he feedeth; regularly his feet are set toward the drinking-place. But I was afraid; I could not approach him. He hath filled up the pit which I digged. He hath destroyed the nets which I spread. He hath caused the cattle and the beasts of the field to escape from my hands, and he doth not let me make war upon them.”

His father opened his mouth and spoke thus to the trapper: “My son, in Uruk there liveth a certain Gilgamesh. No man is stronger than he; he is like unto a star from highest heaven. Goest thou unto Uruk and telleth Gilgamesh of the might of this wild man. Asketh him to give unto thee a harlot, Shamhat, and taketh her with thee. And when the beasts come down to the drinking-place, then let her tear off her clothing and disclose her nakedness. Enkidu shall see her, and he shall draw nigh unto her, and the cattle, which grew up on his field, shall forsake him.”

Heeding the advice of his father, the trapper traveled unto Uruk. He entered into the city of Uruk. He found Gilgamesh and spake unto him: “A man unlike no other cometh down from the mountains. His strength is beyond compare; he is like unto an immortal. He rangeth over all the mountains. Regularly with the beasts he feedeth; regularly his feet are set toward the drinking-place. But I was afraid; I could not approach him. He hath filled up the pit which I digged. He hath destroyed the nets which I spread. He hath caused the cattle and the beasts of the field to escape from my hands, and he doth not let me make war upon them.” Gilgamesh replied unto the trapper: “Goest thou, trapper, and retrieve the harlot, Shamhat, and taketh her with thee. And when the beasts come down to the drinking-place, then let her tear off her clothing and disclose her nakedness. Enkidu shall see her, and he shall draw nigh unto her, and the cattle, which grew up on his field, shall forsake him.”

The trapper departed, and took with him the harlot Shamhat. They took the straight road, and on the third day they reached the appointed place. Then the trapper and the harlot placed themselves in hiding. For one day, for two days, they lurked by the drinking-place. With the beasts Enkidu slaked his thirst; with the creatures of the waters his heart rejoiced. Then Enkidu, offspring of the mountains who with the gazelles eats herbs, with the beasts he slaked his thirst, with the creatures of the water his heart rejoiced. As Enkidu came near, the trapper caught sight of him, and he exclaimed:—“That is he, Shamhat! Loosen thy girdle, uncover thy nakedness that he may receive thy favours. Be not faint-hearted, lay hold upon his soul. He shall see thee, and shall draw nigh unto thee. Open thy garment, and he shall lie in thine arms. Give him pleasure after the manner of women. His cattle, which grew up in his field, shall forsake him while he holdeth thee in the embraces of love.”

Shamhat loosened her garment. She uncovered her nakedness. She was not faint-hearted, and she laid hold upon his soul. She opened her garment, and he lay in her arms. She gave him pleasure after the manner of women, and he held her in the embraces of love.

For six days and six nights Enkidu succumbed to her charms and had intercourse with Shamhat. After he had satisfied himself with her abundance, he turned his countenance toward his cattle. His gazelles lay, and looked at Enkidu, and the beasts of the field turned away from him. This startled Enkidu and his body grew faint; his knees became stiff, as his cattle departed, and he became less agile than ever before. And as he hearkened, he made a resolve. He turned again, in love enthralled, to the feet of the harlot, and gazed up into the face of the ensnarer. And while the ensnarer spoke, his ears listened attentively; and the siren spoke to Enkidu and said: Lofty thou art, Enkidu, thou shalt be like a god; why, then, doest thou lie down with the beasts of the field? Come, I will take thee to strong-walled Uruk; to the glorious house, the dwelling of Anu and Ishtar, the palace of Gilgamesh, (the hero) who is perfect in strength,surpassing, like a mountain bull, men in power.”

While she spoke thus to him, he hearkened unto her wise speech, and his heart yearned for a friend. And Enkidu spoke unto her, the ensnarer: “Come then, Shamhat, take me, and lead me to the glorious dwelling, the sacred seat of Anu and Ishtar, to the palace of Gilgamesh, (the hero) who is perfect in strength, surpassing, like as a mountain bull, men in power. I will challenge him, and I shall exclaim in Uruk that I am the mighty one! Let me enter, and I shall upend the order of things, and I shall show that the mightiest is he who was born in the wilderness.”

Saith Shamhat unto Enkidu: “Let us therefore go unto Gilgamesh, that he might gazeth upon thy visage. I shall lead thee unto Gilgamesh, for I knoweth where he shall be. Gaze at Uruk, Enkidu, and see the people display themselves in their finery and rejoice each day in some holiday revel, as the lyre and the drum cease not their endless sound. Here harlots stand eternal vigil in their beauty, ripe in their bodies, merry in their countenance, and forever ready to take to sheets forever spread on the couches of the night. Enkidu, thou knowest not how to live like unto a man. To thee I shall show Gilgamesh, effusive in his emotion. Behold his face: it glows with heroic courage. Strength he possesses, magnificent is his whole body. His power is stronger than thine. He rests not nor tires, neither by day nor by night. O Enkidu, change thy wrong thoughts.

Shamash loves Gilgamesh; Anu, Bel, and Ea are whispering (wisdom) into his ear. Ere thou earnest down from the mountain Gilgamesh beheld thee in a dream in Uruk.”

Gilgamesh came, to understand the dream, and said to his mother: “My mother, I dreamed a dream in my nightly vision; the stars of heaven, like Anu’s host, fell upon me. I bore it and it grew heavy upon me, I became weak and its weight I could not endure. The land of Uruk gathered about it. The heroes kissed its feet. It was raised up before me. They stood me up. I bore it and carried it to thee.”

The mother of Gilgamesh, who knows all things, spoke to Gilgamesh: “Someone, O Gilgamesh, who like thee in the field was born and whom the mountain has reared, thou wilt see him and like a woman thou wilt rejoice. Heroes will kiss his feet. Thou wilt spare him and wilt endeavor to lead him to me.”

He slept and saw another dream, which he reported to his mother: “My mother, I have seen another dream. My likeness I have seen in the streets of Uruk of the plazas. An axe was brandished, and they gathered about him; and the axe made him angry. I saw him and I rejoiced, I loved him as a woman, I embraced him. I took him and regarded him as my brother.”

The mother of Gilgamesh, who knows all things, spoke to Gilgamesh: “O Gilgamesh, the man whom thou sawest, whom thou didst embrace like a woman (means) that he is to be associated with thee.” Gilgamesh understood the dream.

As Enkidu was sitting before the woman, her loins he embraced, her vagina he opened. Enkidu forgot the place where he was born. Six days and seven nights Enkidu continued to cohabit with the harlot.

TABLET II
As Enkidu was sitting before the woman, her loins he embraced, her vagina he opened. Enkidu forgot the place where he was born. Six days and seven nights Enkidu continued to cohabit with the harlot.

The harlot opened her mouth and spoke to Enkidu: “I gaze upon thee, O Enkidu, like a god art thou! Why with the cattle dost thou roam across the field? Come, let me lead thee into Uruk of the plazas, to the holy house, the dwelling of Anu. O, Enkidu arise, let me conduct thee to Eanna, the dwelling of Anu, the place where Gilgamesh is, perfect in vitality. And thou like a wife wilt embrace him. Thou wilt love him like thyself. Come, arise from the ground and find a place for yourself.”

He heard her word and accepted her speech. The counsel of the woman entered his heart. She stripped off a garment, clothed him with one. Another garment she kept on herself. She took hold of his hand. Like a god she brought him to the fertile meadow, the place of the sheepfolds. In that place they received food; and the shepherds spoke of Enkidu, whose birthplace was the mountain, with the gazelles he was accustomed to eat herbs, with the cattle to drink water, with the water beings he was happy. Milk of the cattle he was accustomed to suck. Bread they placed before him. He broke it off and looked and gazed. Enkidu had not known to eat food. To drink ale he had not been taught.

The harlot opened her mouth and spoke to Enkidu: “Eat food, O Enkidu, the provender of life! Drink ale, the custom of the land!”

Enkidu ate food till he was satiated. Ale he drank, seven goblets. His spirit was loosened, he became hilarious. His heart became glad and his face shone. The barber removed the hair on his body. He was anointed with oil. He became manlike. He put on a garment, and he was like a man. He took his weapon; lions he attacked, so that the night shepherds could rest. He plunged the dagger; lions he overcame. The great shepherds lay down; Enkidu was their protector. The strong man, the unique hero, remained awake.

A particular man had been invited to a wedding. To Uruk he ventured, to the wedding he would go. Enkidu was making love to Shamhat when he lifted up his eyes and saw the man. He spoke to the harlot: “O, Shamhat, lure on the man. Why has he come to me? Let me learn his reason.”

The woman called to the man, who approached to him and he beheld him. “Where dost thou venture?  Why is the course of thy activity so burdensome?”

Then he opened his mouth and spoke to Enkidu: “I have been asked to a wedding, for to contract marriage is the destiny of men, and I shall lard the wedding table with delicious foods for the nuptial feast. For the King of Uruk of the plazas, open the veil, perform the marriage act! For Gilgamesh, the King of Uruk of the plazas, open the veil, perform the marriage act! He shall first couple with the bride-to-be before the bridegroom. By the decree pronounced by a god, from the cutting of his umbilical cord such is his fate.”

At the speech of the man, Enkidu’s face grew pale.

(About nine lines missing.)

Enkidu went in front, and the harlot behind him. He entered into Uruk of the plazas. The people gathered about him. As he stood in the streets of Uruk of the plazas, the men gathered, saying in regard to him: “Like the form of Gilgamesh he is formed; though shorter in stature, and thicker in bone. In sooth it must be he who was born in the highlands, and milk of cattle he was accustomed to suck.”

In Uruk were held the customary festivals of sacrifice. The young men rejoiced, and they set up a champion: To the hero of fine appearance, to Gilgamesh, like a god, he became a rival to him.

For Ishtar a couch was stretched, and Gilgamesh lay down, and afterwards in the night he met the maiden bride. Enkidu approached and stood in the streets. He blocked the path of Gilgamesh during the exhibit of his power.

All the land of Uruk surrounded Gilgamesh; all the people were gathered around him. A crowd assembled to watch him, and all the men had gathered to see. They bowed down and kissed his feet. For Ishtar a couch was stretched, and Gilgamesh, like unto a god, was made substitute.

Against him Enkidu proceeded, his hair luxuriant. He started to go towards him. They met in the plaza of the district. Enkidu blocked the gate to the wedding-house with his foot, not permitting Gilgamesh to enter. They seized each other, like oxen. They fought. The threshold they demolished; the wall they impaired. Gilgamesh and Enkidu seized each other. Like oxen they fought. The threshold they demolished; the wall they impaired. Gilgamesh bent his foot to the ground, and his wrath was appeased. His breast was quieted. When his breast was quieted, Enkidu to him spoke, to Gilgamesh: “As a unique one, thy mother bore thee. The wild cow of the stall, Ninsun, has exalted thy head above men. Kingship over men Enlil has decreed for thee.

Enkidu said unto Gilgamesh, “Why do you desire to do this thing that is exceedingly difficult? Why dost thou desire to do this thing that is very difficult? Why dost thou desire to go down to the forest?” They kissed one another and so became bonded in friendship.

[In a missing section Gilgamesh introduces Enkidu to his mother.]

“He is the mightiest in the all the land, possessed of great strength. No man is stronger than he; he is like unto a star from highest heaven. He is tall in stature, like unto a battlement.”

The mother of Gilgamesh, who knows everything, opened her mouth to speak, and spake thus unto her son: “……………… Enkidu hath neither kith nor kin. With luxuriant hair like unto a woman, he was born in the wild place and hath no brethren.”

The eyes of Enkidu filled with tears. He clutched his heart; sadly he sighed. The eyes of Enkidu filled with tears. He clutched his heart; sadly he sighed. The face of Gilgamesh was grieved. He spoke to Enkidu: “My friend, why are thy eyes filled with tears? Thy heart clutched, why dost thou sigh sadly?”

Enkidu opened his mouth and spoke to Gilgamesh: “Attacks, my friend, have exhausted my strength. My arms are lame, my strength has become weak.”

Gilgamesh opened his mouth and spoke to Enkidu: “.....Humbaba, the terrible, ........................ let us destroy him that his power shall be no more. Let us go down to the cedar forest, and make Humbaba affright within his lair.”

Enkidu opened his mouth and spoke to Gilgamesh: “Know, my friend, in the mountain, when I moved about with the cattle to a distance of one double hour into the heart of the forest, but who would penetrate within it, to Ḫumbaba, whose roar is a flood, whose mouth is fire, whose breath is death? Why dost thou desire to do this, to advance towards the dwelling of Ḫumbaba?”

Gilgamesh opened his mouth and spoke to Enkidu: “I will climb the slopes of the forest, to the dwelling of Ḫumbaba. I will go down to the forest.”

Enkidu opened his mouth and spoke to Gilgamesh: “How can we venture to the home of Humbaba, to keep safe the cedar forest? Enlil has decreed him to be a seven-fold terror. We must not together go down to the cedar forest, whose guardian, O warrior Gilgamesh, is a power without rest, Humbaba, whose voice is the Deluge. His speech is the inferno, and his breath is death. He can hear the movements of the forest at a double hour. Who would venture into his forest? Adad is the first, but Humbaba is the second. None among even the Igigi would oppose him, to keep safe the cedar forest, for Enlil has decreed him to be a seven-fold terror. To enter his forest is to be seized by shaking.”

​Gilgamesh opened his mouth and spoke to Enkidu: “Whoever, my friend, overcomes terror, it is well (for him) with Shamash for the length of his days. Mankind will speak of it at the gates. Wherever terror is to be faced, thou, forsooth, art in fear of death. Thy prowess lacks strength. I will go before thee, though thy mouth calls to me; ‘thou art afraid to approach.’ I will establish my name, for before Gilgamesh has fallen the corpse of Humbaba, the terrible one! Thou were born in the wilderness. The lion feared thee, all of which thou knowest. When thou callest to me, thou afflictest my heart. I am determined to enter the cedar forest. I will, indeed, establish my name. The work, my friend, to the artisans I will entrust. Weapons let them mold before us.”

The work to the artisans they entrusted. At the forge the workmen sat in council. Hatchets the masters molded: Axes of three talents each they molded. Lances the masters molded; blades of two talents each, a spear of 30 mina each attached to them. The hilt of the lances held 30 mina in gold. Gilgamesh and Enkidu were equipped with 10 talents each.

He sealed fast Uruk’s seven gates. He brought together the assembly, and the people gathered in the street of Uruk of the plazas, where Gilgamesh took to his throne. In the street of Uruk of the plazas the people sat before him. Thus he spoke to the elders of Uruk of the plazas:

“Hear me, O elders of Uruk! I would tread the path to the terrible Humbaba, whose name fills the lands. I will conquer him in the cedar forest, like a strong offspring of Uruk. I will let the land hear that I am determined to conquer him in the cedar forest. A name I will establish.”

To the young men of Uruk, Gilgamsh spoke thus: “Hear me, O young men of Uruk! You who understand combat, see that I shall tread the path to the terrible Humbaba, and face him in battle. Unto me giveth me your blessings, that I may see you again and return to Uruk safely. When I return I shall celebrate the New-Year twice over, two times in one year. Let the rejoicing commence, and the drums beat out in honor of Ninsun!”

Enkidu offered his counsel to the elders of Uruk and the young men of the city: “Tell Gilgamesh that he must not go down to the cedar forest, whose guardian is a power without rest, Humbaba, whose voice is the Deluge. His speech is the inferno, and his breath is death. He can hear the movements of the forest at a double hour. Who would venture into his forest? Adad is the first, but Humbaba is the second. None among even the Igigi would oppose him, to keep safe the cedar forest, for Enlil has decreed him to be a seven-fold terror. To enter his forest is to be seized by shaking.”

The elders of Uruk of the plazas brought word to Gilgamesh: “Thou art young, O Gilgamesh, and thy heart carries thee away. Thou dost not know what thou proposest to do. We hear that Humbaba is enraged. Who has ever opposed his weapon? To one double hour in the heart of the forest, who has ever penetrated into it? Humbaba, whose roar is a deluge, whose mouth is fire, whose breath is death. Why dost thou desire to do this? To advance towards the dwelling of Humbaba?”

Gilgamesh heard the report of his counselors. He saw and cried out to his friend: “Now, my friend, thus I speak. I fear him, but I will go to the cedar forest; I will go with thee to the cedar forest.”
​
TABLET III
Gilgamesh spoke unto the elders of Uruk: “I, Gilgamesh, the strong one of the land take to a road which I have never trodden; when I shall have succeeded, I will praise thee in the joy of my heart, I will extol the superiority of thy power, I will seat thee on thrones.”

The masters brought the weapons; bow and quiver they placed in hand. He took the hatchet and his quiver. With his lance in his girdle, he and Enkidu prepared to take to the road.

The elders of Uruk approached Gilgamesh. “How long till thou returnest to Uruk?” Again the elders approached him. For the road they counseled Gilgamesh: “Do not rely, O Gilgamesh, on thy strength! Provide food and save thyself! Let Enkidu go before thee. He is acquainted with the way, he has trodden the road to the entrance of the forest of Humbaba. He who goes in advance will save the companion. Provide for his road and save thyself! May Shamash carry out thy endeavor! May he make thy eyes see the prophecy of thy mouth. May he track out for thee the closed path! May he level the road for thy treading! May he level the mountain for thy foot! During thy night the word that wilt rejoice. May Lugalbanda convey, and stand by thee in thy endeavor! Like a youth may he establish thy endeavor! In the river of Ḫumbaba as thou plannest, wash thy feet! Round about thee dig a well! May there be pure water constantly for thy libation, and goblets of water pour out to Shamash! May Lugalbanda take note of it!”

The elders of Uruk spoke unto Enkidu: “We place in thy care Gilgamesh, our king. Bring him back unto us and replace him into our care.

Gilgamesh opened his mouth and spoke thus unto Enkidu: “Come, my friend. Let us go unto the Great Palace, to the great Queen Ninsun. Ninsun, who knoweth all, shall place our feet into the steps of wise counsel.”

Going hand in hand, Gilgamesh and Enkidu went unto the Great Palace, to the great Queen Ninsun. Gilgamesh rose and entered into the presence of the great Queen Ninsun.

Gilgamesh opened his mouth and spoke thus unto Ninsun: “O, Ninsun, I shall tread the road to the entrance of the forest of Humbaba. I shall face an unknown war. I shall travel a road I knoweth not. Give unto me thy blessing. Alloweth me to see once more thy face in safety, and returneth through the gates of Uruk. When I return I shall celebrate the New-Year twice over, two times in one year. Let the rejoicing commence, and the drums beat out in honor of Ninsun.”

Ninsun, the wild cow, listened intently and sadly to the words of Gilgamesh, her son, and to Enkidu as well. She donned a beautiful gown to adorn her body, a diadem she chose to cover her breast. She donned her cap and placed over it her tiara. Before Shamash she sacrificed a smoke-offering, poured out a drink-offering; lifted up before Shamash her hand, praying: “Why hast thou disquieted the heart of Gilgamesh? Now thou hast taught him, and a far road he travels unto Humbaba. An unknown fight he is about to enter, to an unknown war he is about to set forth. From the day that he goeth, until he returneth again, until he comes to the splendid cedar wood, until he shall have killed Humbaba the despot, and removeth from the land that horror which thou dost detest, each day in thy daily circuit of the earth let thy bride Aya the fearless remindeth thee to entrust Gilgamesh to the stars, the watchers of the night.

“Thou who hast opened the gates for the herd to escape, for thee the heavens brighten and the animals awaiteth thy rosy light. Let thy bride Aya the fearless remindeth thee to entrust Gilgamesh to the stars, the watchers of the night. May thou maketh the days long and the nights short while Gilgamesh treads the road to the Forest of Cedar. Let him be resolute. Let him pitch camp at eventide. Let thy bride Aya the fearless remindeth thee that on the day Gilgamesh and Enkidu doeth battle with Humbaba that thou shalt unleasheth all the winds, the winds of the south, north, east, and west, the hurricane, the tempest, the typhoon, the gale, the frost-wind, and the devil-wind, the blast and counterblast, and the tornado. Let the thirteen winds darken the face of Humbaba that Gilgamesh might reach him with his weapons! Why thine own flames art kindles, O Shamash, then turn thy face unto thy supplicant! Thy fleet-footed mules shall carry thee; a restful bed shall be thine. The gods, thy brethren, shall bring food for thee. Aya the bride shall dry thy face with her robe.”

Again Ninsun, the wild cow, pleaded unto Shamash: “O, Shamash, will not Gilgamesh share the heavens with thee? Will he not share royal honors with the moon? Will he not be as wise as Ea of the Apsu sea below, or rule the black-headed people with Irnina? Will he not dwell in Hades with Ningishzida?” …………

After Ninsun, who knoweth all, had pleaded with Shamash, she extinguished her censer, descended from the roof, and spoke thus unto Enkidu: “O, Enkidu, although thou art not of my womb, henceforth thy brood are to be among the votaries of Gilgamesh, the priestesses and women of the temple.” She placed upon Enkidu’s neck the sacred symbols. “The priestesses accept the foundling, and the women of the temple raise him as foster child. Enkidu, who art beloved of me, thee I take for mine own son. Enkidu shall be brother unto Gilgamesh. When you tread together the path to the Forest of Cedar, let the days be long and the nights short. Let yourselves be resolute. Let yourselves pitch camp at eventide!”

[A damaged section tells of the rituals Gilgamesh and Enkidu perform to guarantee safe passage. When the text resumes, Gilgamesh is giving instructions for the governance of Uruk in his absence.]

“From the day that I go, until I return again, until I come to the splendid cedar wood, until I shall have killed Humbaba the despot, and removeth from the land that horror which Shamash doth detest, do not assemble the young men in the streets, nor render judgment on the lawsuits of the weak while we fight to land blows on Humbaba.”

The elders and the young men offered their well-wishes to Gilgamesh. The young men gathered around him, and the elders kissed his feet, saying unto him:

“Do not rely, O Gilgamesh, on thy strength! Provide food and save thyself! Let Enkidu go before thee. He is acquainted with the way, he has trodden the road to the entrance of the forest of Humbaba. He who goes in advance will save the companion. Provide for his road and save thyself! May Shamash carry out thy endeavor! May he make thy eyes see the prophecy of thy mouth. May he track out for thee the closed path! May he level the road for thy treading! May he level the mountain for thy foot! During thy night the word that wilt rejoice. May Lugalbanda convey, and stand by thee in thy endeavor! Like a youth may he establish thy endeavor! In the river of Humbaba as thou plannest, wash thy feet! Round about thee dig a well! May there be pure water constantly for thy libation, and goblets of water pour out to Shamash! May Lugalbanda take note of it!

The elders of Uruk spoke unto Enkidu: “We place in thy care Gilgamesh, our king. Bring him back unto us and replace him into our care.”

Enkidu opened his mouth and spoke to Gilgamesh: “Since thou art resolved to take the road, thy heart be not afraid, trust to me! Keep thou thine eyes upon me! In the forest, I came to know Humbaba’s habitation. Send therefore the crowd to their homes, for they must not go with us.”

The assembled men heard the words of Enkidu, and with joyful hearts returned to their homes. The young men raised a prayer unto Shamash: “May the god go before you. May Shamash let you achieve success!”

Gilgamesh and Enkidu went forth.

TABLET IV
At twenty leagues they took a meal; at thirty leagues they took a rest. They walked for six weeks, nearer still to Mount Lebanon. Before Shamash they dug a hole. Then Gilgamesh went up upon the height of a mountain, and poured his sacrificial meal into the hole, saying: “Mountain, bring a dream unto me! Let me see dream-visions, O Shamash.”

Enkidu prepared a House for the God of Dreams, and a great wind chilled them. Enkidu attached a covering, while Gilgamesh rested his chin on his knees and succumbed to sleep. In the middle of the night, his sleep was disturbed, and he rose to speak to his friend. “My friend, hast thou called me? Why have I awakened? Hast thou touched me? Hath a god passed by? Why art my muscles trembling? Enkidu, my friend, I have had a dream. The dream that I dreamed was very terrible; in the valleys between the mountains we were walking. A great mountain fell down upon us.”

Enkidu heard this dream and said to him: “My friend, this dream is favorable, for it tells us that we shall triumph over Humbaba. The mountain which thou sawest in thy dream is Humbaba. The dream foretells that we shall kill Humbaba and dispatch his corpse to the wasteland. Come morning Shamash shall send us a favorable omen.”

At twenty leagues they took a meal; at thirty leagues they took a rest. They walked for six weeks, nearer still to Mount Lebanon. Before Shamash they dug a hole. Then Gilgamesh went up upon the height of a mountain, and poured his sacrificial meal into the hole, saying: “Mountain, bring a dream unto me! Let me see dream-visions, O Shamash.”

Enkidu prepared a House for the God of Dreams, and a great wind chilled them. Enkidu attached a covering, while Gilgamesh rested his chin on his knees and succumbed to sleep. In the middle of the night, his sleep was disturbed, and he rose to speak to his friend. “My friend, hast thou called me? Why have I awakened? Hast thou touched me? Hath a god passed by? Why art my muscles trembling? Enkidu, my friend, I have had another dream. The dream that I dreamed was very terrible; heaven thundered, earth quaked; day grew dark, darkness came up; lightning set in, fire flared up, sated with destruction and filled with death. Then suddenly the light darkened, the fire was quenched, turned into smoke. You were born in the wilderness. May we take counsel?”

Enkidu heard this dream and said to him: “My friend, this dream is favorable. We draweth close to the forest and soon shall see battle. Thou shalt soon see the radiance of the god Humbaba, whom thou fearest. Like a bull thou shalt batter him, making him kneel to your strength. The old man thou seest is thy god Lugalbanda. Come morning Shamash shall send us a favorable omen.”

At twenty leagues they took a meal; at thirty leagues they took a rest. They walked for six weeks, nearer still to Mount Lebanon. Before Shamash they dug a hole. Then Gilgamesh went up upon the height of a mountain, and poured his sacrificial meal into the hole, saying: “Mountain, bring a dream unto me! Let me see dream-visions, O Shamash.”

Enkidu prepared a House for the God of Dreams, and a great wind chilled them. Enkidu attached a covering, while Gilgamesh rested his chin on his knees and succumbed to sleep. In the middle of the night, his sleep was disturbed, and he rose to speak to his friend. “My friend, hast thou called me? Why have I awakened? Hast thou touched me? Hath a god passed by? Why art my muscles trembling? Enkidu, my friend, I have had another dream. The dream that I dreamed was very terrible; I dreamed I saw a Thunderbird in the sky. It flew like a cloud, and its mouth was fire and its breath death. A strange man stood before me and the bird seized my arm in his talons…….”

Enkidu heard this dream and said to him: “My friend, this dream is favorable. Thou dreamed that thou sawest a Thunderbird in the sky. It flew like a cloud, and its mouth was fire and its breath death. A strange man stood before thee and the bird seized thine arm in his talons. The man thou hast seen was Shamash. We shall bring about the destruction of Humbaba. We shall bind his wings. Come morning Shamash shall send us a favorable omen.”

At twenty leagues they took a meal; at thirty leagues they took a rest. They walked for six weeks. Before Shamash they dug a hole. Then Gilgamesh went up upon the height of a mountain, and poured his sacrificial meal into the hole, saying: “Mountain, bring a dream unto me! Let me see dream-visions, O Shamash.”

Enkidu prepared a House for the God of Dreams, and a great wind chilled them. Enkidu attached a covering, while Gilgamesh rested his chin on his knees and succumbed to sleep. In the middle of the night, his sleep was disturbed, and he rose to speak to his friend. “My friend, hast thou called me? Why have I awakened? Hast thou touched me? Hath a god passed by? Why art my muscles trembling? Enkidu, my friend, I have had another dream. The dream that I dreamed was very terrible; I grappled with a wild bull who pounded the ground to dust. I fell to my knees before the bull, and the bull gave me water to drink from his water-skin.”

Enkidu heard this dream and said to him: “My friend, the god to whom we venture is not the wild bull. Shamash in the wild bull, and he protects us both. The one who gave water unto thee is Lugalbanda, who bringeth honor to thee. We therefore must join together to accomplish a great deed, the likes of which hath never before occurred in the land. Come morning Shamash shall send us a favorable omen.”

At the entrance to the forest Enkidu opened his mouth to speak and sayeth unto Gilgamesh: “Why dost thou cry? O Gilgamesh, son of Uruk, stand tall!”

Shamash heard what he had said, and from the sky he sent forth a booming voice: “Hurry to stand against Humbaba! Let him enter not the forest; let him enter not his grove! Let him put not on the seven cloaks! One he wears, but six hath he shed!”

Humbaba gave forth a mighty roar, and his voice was like thunder. The forest shook with his bellows, and he sounded like Adad, the God of the Storm.

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak and said to Gilgamesh: “Mine arms grow stiff, and my knees quake.” Gilgamesh opened his mouth to speak and said to Enkidu: “Why should we speak as cowards? Did we not cross the mighty mountains? Fear not! Let your voice resound like a drum! Let the stiffness fall from thy arms and the quaking from thy knees! Take my hand, and let us go forth together. Let thine thoughts to combat turn! Forget death and focus on life! He who goes in advance will save the companion. Provide for his road and save thyself!”

And the two men arrived at the Forest of Cedar, ceased to speak, and stood still.

TABLET V
Picture
There they stood, lofty arose the forest, and astonished they gazed at the height of the cedars and at the entrance of the cedar wood, where Humbaba was wont to walk with lofty steps. Ways were laid out and paths well kept. They saw the cedar mountain, the dwelling of gods, the sanctuary of Imini. In front of the mountain a cedar stood of great splendour, fine and good was its shade, full of gladness, sweetness and delight. Thick and tangled were the thorns beneath the dark canopy of the vast forest…………..

[Fragments indicate that a battle with Humbaba commences.]

“We have arrived a place forbidden to men. Let us set our weapons upon the gate of Humbaba.” Enkidu said unto his friend Gilgamesh, “Humbaba is as violent as the oncoming storm; like the god of the storms, he will destroy us.”

Humbaba opened his mouth to speak, and he said to Gilgamesh: “Only fools would seek counsel from vulgar brutes. What bringeth thee before me? Enkidu, thou art the spawn of the fish, a man who knoweth no father, the hatchling of a turtle, who suckled not his mother’s milk. In thy youth, I saw and watched thee, though I did not go over unto thee. ……. in my belly. Traitor! Thou bringest before me Gilgamesh and standeth before me as warrior and stranger. I will cut the throat of Gilgamesh, the corpse to be devoured by the vultures!”

Gilgamesh opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Enkidu: “My friend, the countenance of this monster Humbaba has changed. Though we came here to defeat him, I fear my heart will not let me.”

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “Why, my friend, speaketh thou as a coward? Your fearfulness causeth me to lose faith. We have but one task, and the copper runneth already into the mold. To send forth the Flood is to crack the whip! Retreat not! Do not withdraw! Make mighty thy blow!”

He smote the ground and faced the monster. At their feet, the earth gave way, and in their throes they broke the mountains of Sirion and Lebanon. The very clouds turned black and rained death upon them all. Against Humbaba Shamash unleashed all the winds, the winds of the south, north, east, and west, the hurricane, the tempest, the typhoon, the gale, the frost-wind, and the devil-wind, the blast and counterblast, and the tornado. The thirteen winds darkened the face of Humbaba so that Gilgamesh could reach him with his weapons. Humbaba pleaded for his life, saying unto Gilgamesh:

“Thou art but a youth, Gilgamesh, but truly a son of the wild cow Ninsun. By the command of Shamash, thou hast flattened the great mountains, O son of Uruk, Gilgamesh the king! Spare my life, Gilgamesh, and allow me to live out my days in the Forest of Cedar. Take as many trees as you desire; I will guard the wood that will be the pride of thy palace.”

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “Listen not to his supplications!”

Humbaba opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Enkidu: “Thou art wise in the ways of the forest, yet too you know the art of speech. I should have hangest thou from a sapling, the corpse to be devoured by the vultures. Yet my deliverance lies with thee, if thou wouldst tell Gilgamesh to spare my life.”

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “My friend, slay Humbaba who guards the Forest of Cedar. Eliminate all his power. Do this before Enlil the Preeminent discovers what we do and the gods grow angry with us, Enlil in Nippur and Shamash in Larsa. Make for us a name everlasting because Gilgamesh slew the monstrous Humbaba!”

Humbaba lifted his head and opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Enkidu: “Thou sitteth before Gilgamesh like a hired shepherd, slavishly doing as your lord commands. Yet my deliverance lies with thee, if thou wouldst tell Gilgamesh to spare my life.”

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “My friend, slay Humbaba who guards the Forest of Cedar. Eliminate all his power. Do this before Enlil the Preeminent discovers what we do and the gods grow angry with us, Enlil in Nippur and Shamash in Larsa. Make for us a name everlasting because Gilgamesh slew the monstrous Humbaba!”

Humbaba heard all he said and cursed the both of them: “May neither of you live to see old age. Except by Gilgamesh his friend, none shall bury Enkidu.”

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “I speaketh unto thee, my friend, but thou hearest me not. Let Humbaba’s curses return unto his own mouth.”

Gilgamesh heard what his friend has spoken, and he drew forth his dagger and smote the monster’s neck. He fell, and blood ran forth like rivers, filling the ravines. As the monster fell, he shook the ground for two leagues’ distant, shaking them as once he has made the mountains and the hills tremble with the thunder of his voice. Gilgamesh pulled out his tongue, his lungs, and his innards. From the monster’s head, Gilgamesh carved off the tusks as trophies. And abundance rained down upon the mountains. Gilgamesh discovered within the cedars the secret home of the gods as he trampled through the forest primeval.

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “Thou has felled the guardian of the forest by thy strength alone. Nothing can bring dishonor unto thee. Therefore, flatten the Forest of Cedar! Find for me a tall cedar whose tip touches the sky. I shall fashion from it a door as broad as the length of a reed, which shall have no pivot but instead shall sit within the door jam. Its thickness shall be a cubit; its breadth the length of the reed. May no stranger approach a door meant only for the love of the gods. The Euphrates shall carry the door to the Temple of Enlil in Nippur, where the people and the god himself might rejoice in it.”

They built a raft and placed a great cedar upon it. Enkidu piloted the raft, and Gilgamesh bore the head of Humbaba.

TABLET VI
He cleansed his weapons, he polished his arms. He took off the armor that was upon him. He put away his soiled garments and put on clean raiment; clothed himself with his ornaments, put on his diadem. Gilgamesh placed upon his head the crown and put on his diadem.

To win the favor and love of Gilgamesh, Ishtar, the lofty goddess desired and said unto him: “Come, Gilgamesh, be thou my spouse, give, O give unto me thy manly strength. Be thou my husband, let me be thy wife, and I will set thee in a chariot embossed with precious stones and gold, with wheels made of gold, and horns of amber. Large kudanu-lions thou shalt harness to it. Under sweet-smelling cedars thou shalt enter into our house. And when thou enterest into our house  Thou shalt sit upon a lofty throne, and people shall kiss thy feet; kings and lords and rulers shall bow down before thee. Whatever mountain and country produces, they shall bring to thee as tribute. Thy sheep shall bear twin-ewes. Thy laden donkey shall outpace the mule!

Thy horse shall gallop before the chariot in glory, and no ox shall equal thine.”

But Gilgamesh opened his mouth and spoke unto her; said unto the lofty goddess Ishtar:

“If I were to take thee in marriage, whence would come my sustenance? Wouldst thou feedest me the food of the gods and pour me kingly ale? Who wouldst takest thee in marriage? Thou art the frost that freezes no ice, the door that stays not the wind, the bitumen that stains its holder’s hand, a water-skin that cuts its holder’s hand, limestone that weakens the wall it builds, a battering ram that destroys all walls, a shoe that cuts the feet of its wearer. Let me rehearse for thee the tale of thy lovers. Where is thy husband Dumuzi, who was to be forever?  What, indeed, has become of the allallu-bird? Well, I will tell thee plainly the dire result of thy coquetries. To Dumuzi, the husband of thy youth, thou didst cause weeping and didst bring grief upon him every year. The allallu-bird, so bright of colors, thou didst love; but its wing thou didst break and crush, so that now it sits in the woods crying: ‘O my wing!’ Thou didst also love a lion, powerful in his strength, seven and seven times didst thou dig a snaring pit for him. Thou didst also love a horse, pre-eminent in battle, but with lash, spur, and whip thou didst force it on, didst force it to run seven double-leagues at a stretch. And when it was tired and wanted to drink, thou still didst force it on, thereby causing weeping and grief to its mother Silili. Thou didst also love a shepherd of the flock, the herdsman who continually poured out incense before thee, and, for thy pleasure, slaughtered lambs day by day. Thou didst smite him, and turn him into a wolf, so that his own sheep-boys drove him away, and his own dogs tore him to pieces. Thou didst also love Ishullanu, a gardener of thy father, who continually brought unto thee dainties, and daily adorned thy table for thee. Thine eye thou didst cast on him and turn his mind, saying: ‘Oh, Ishullanu, let us enjoy thy manly strength. Let thy hand come forth and stroke my vulva.’ But Ishullanu spoke unto thee and said: ‘Me!—what is this that thou askest of me? Hath not my mother baked, and have I not eaten, that now that the food I shall eat is slander and insult? Should I let only rushes cover me in the cold?’ And when thou didst hear such words, thou didst smite him and change him into a dwarf. And didst thus compel him to lie on a couch, so that he could no more rise up from his bed. And now thou wouldst also love me; but like unto them I would fare.”

When Ishtar heard such words she became enraged, and went up into heaven, and came unto Anu her father, and to Antum her mother she went, and thus spoke unto them: “My father, Gilgamesh has insulted me; Gilgamesh has upbraided me with my evil deeds, my deeds of evil and of violence.”

And Anu opened his mouth and spoke—said unto her, the mighty goddess Ishtar: “Didst thou not provoke Gilgamesh so that he has upbraided thee with thy evil deeds, thy deeds of evil and of violence?”

And Ishtar opened her mouth and said, she spoke unto Anu, her father: “My father, give to me the Heaven-Bull that I might slay Gilgamesh in his very place of dwelling. If thou givest me not the Heaven-Bull, I shall crush the gates of Hades and free the shades below. I shall bring up the dead that they might consume the living, and I shall make the dead to outnumber those that yet live.”

And Anu opened his mouth and spoke—said unto her, the mighty goddess Ishtar: “If thou wanteth from me the Heaven-Bull, make the widow of Uruk gather seven years’ wheat, and make the farmer of Uruk grow seven years’ hay.”

Ishtar opened her mouth, saying unto Anu: “This wheat is already stored; this hay already grown. The widow of Uruk gathered seven years’ wheat, and the farmer of Uruk grew seven years’ hay. With the Heaven-Bull I will have revenge!”

Anu heard the words of the mighty goddess Ishtar and gave unto her the nose-rope of the Heaven-Bull.

Ishtar descended with the Heaven-Bull, leading it to the land of Uruk, where its thirst sucked dry the mashes and the forest, and it lowered the level of the river by seven cubits. When the Heaven-Bull snorted, the earth opened before it and one hundred men of Uruk fell down into it. A second time the Heaven-Bull snorted, and the earth opened before it and two hundred men of Uruk fell down into it. A third time the Heaven-Bull snorted, and the earth opened before it, and Enkidu fell down into it up unto his waist. Enkidu leapt from the opening and seized the Heaven-Bull by its horns. The bull spat in his face.

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “My friend, we have set ourselves up above others in this city. How shall we make answer unto the people? I have tested the strength of the Heaven-Bull and have learned his ways. Let me test the strength of the Heaven-Bull once more. I shall stand behind the Heaven-Bull and grasp him by his heavy tail. I will set my foot upon his leg, and thou can thus slaughter him with thy knife like a skillful butcher.

Enkidu came up behind the Heaven-Bull, and grasped him by his heavy tail. He set his foot upon his leg. Then Gilgamesh slaughtered him with his knife like a skillful butcher. After they had killed the Heaven-Bull, they made his heart into an offering for Shamash. They prostrated themselves before the God of the Sun, and then Gilgamesh and Enkidu sat together.

Then Ishtar went up to the wall of Uruk, the strong-walled; she uttered a piercing cry and broke out into a curse, saying: “Woe to Gilgamesh, who thus has grieved me, and has killed the Heaven-Bull.”

But Enkidu, hearing these words of Ishtar, tore out the right side of the Heaven-Bull, and threw it into her face, saying: “And thus I would, indeed, defeat thee had I caught thee; and I would do unto thee even as I have done to him; I would drape thy arm in entrails, forsooth.”

Then Ishtar gathered her followers, that ruin men, the hierodules and the sacred prostitutes. Over the right side of the heaven-bull she wept and lamented. But Gilgamesh assembled the people, and all his workmen. The workmen admired the size of its horns. Thirty minas of precious stones was their value; two minas in size were their rims; six measures of oil they both could hold. For the anointing of his god Lugalbanda he dedicated it. He brought the horns and hung them up in the shrine of his lordship. Then they washed their hands in the river Euphrates, took the road, and set out for the city, and rode through the streets of the city of Uruk. The people of Uruk assembled and looked with astonishment at the heroes.

Gilgamesh then spoke to the servants of his palace and cried out unto them, saying: “Who is glorious among the heroes? Who shines among the men? Gilgamesh is glorious among the heroes! Gilgamesh shines among the men!”

And Gilgamesh held a joyful feast in his palace. Then the heroes slept, stretched out upon their couches. And Enkidu slept, and saw a vision in his sleep. He arose in the morning and considered the dream, and spoke unto Gilgamesh thus: “My friend, wherefore have the great gods thus taken counsel?”

TABLET VII
“My friend, wherefore have the great gods thus taken counsel?” When dawn broke, Enkidu spoke to Gilgamesh, saying: “What a dream I dreamed last night, my friend and brother! The great gods Anu, Enlil, Ea, and Shamash held an assembly, and Anu spoke unto Ea thus: ‘Because these two slew the Heaven-Bull, and slew Humbaba, the guardian of the mountains and the Forest of Cedar, one of the two must die.’ Enlil said unto Anu, ‘Let Enkidu die, for Gilgamesh must die not!’ Shamash, however, spoke unto Enlil thus: ‘Was it not by thy order that these men slew the Heaven-Bull and the guardian Humbaba? Why should the innocent Enkidu die for this?’ But Enlil, burning with anger at Shamash, said unto him: ‘Each day thou traveled with them like unto a companion.’”

Enkidu fell down before Gilgamesh and began to cry tears which flowed like rivers. “O, brother of mine, I shall never again rise before thee. For me is only the land of the dead, where I shall sit forever. Once the gates to Hades I cross, never again shall I set mine eyes upon thee.”

Enkidu lifted his eyes and began to talk with a door as though it were a man. “O, dumb door, I know what thou dost not. Across twenty leagues I sought thy timber until I findeth thee, the finest of the cedars. There is none other tree like unto thee; six gar [1 gar = 12 or 14 cubits] is thy height and two gar thy thickness. The whole of you, from pivot to post, is of a piece, a piece I raised up and installed in Nippur. Had I but known how you would reward mine effort, I would have used my axe to cut you down and set you adrift as a raft to Ebabbara to place you as portal to the temple of Shamash, who heard my words and gave me my weapon. O, door, if I raised thee, might I also destroy thee? May some king who follows me burn with hatred for thee, or remove my name from thy wood, and install his own.”

Enkidu began to cry again, and as Gilgamesh listened, he too cried.

Gilgamesh opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Enkidu: “Why dost thou blaspheme? Thy dream was profound, and it hath caused great dread. Thy lips buzz like flies. But in it the gods leave unto the survivor only grief. I will beseech the great gods for thee; I will seek out thy god Shamash and appeal unto him for thy sake. I will ask Anu the father of the gods, and pray that the great counselor Enlil heareth my words. May Ea remain open to my prayer! I will fashion a statue for thee from endless gold.”

Enkidu opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “My friend, waste no silver or gold on me. The word of Enlil is unlike that of the other gods, for whatsoever he commands must come to pass; whatsoever he sets in place cannot be undone. This is my destiny, my friend, to die before my time.”

As dawn broke, Enkidu lifted his head and offered sad prayers to Shamash as his tears glistened in the sunlight: “I beg thee, Shamash, for my life. I curse the trapper who caused me to be less great than my friend. May his share be diminished; may his god leaveth his house through the window.” He then cursed Shamhat the harlot: “I curse thee, Shamhat, to a dark destiny; I afflict thee with this curse: May thou never knowest a true home, nor rejoiceth in the love of a family. Thou shalt not sit in the young women’s chamber. Thine finest garments shall fall to the ground, and the drunkard shalt stain it in the dirt. Thou shalt have no beautiful things, nor abundance at thy table. Thy very bed shall be a rude bench. Thou shalt sit at the crossroads and lie in ruined fields. Thou shalt stand before the walls, and thorns shall cut thy feet. All shall strike at thy cheek. The workman shall not plaster thy roof, and owls shall make a home in thy bedroom. Thou hast made a weak a man who was once unsullied. In the very wilderness which was my home, you made me weak who was once unsullied.”

Shamash heard what he had said, and from the sky he sent forth a booming voice: “O, Enkidu, curse not the harlot who fed thee the food of the gods and poured thee kingly ale and gave the magnificent Gilgamesh unto thee as companion. On a fine, grand couch, on a fine couch Gilgamesh will let thee recline. He will place thee upon a couch, a seat to the left. The kings of the earth shall kiss thy feet. The people of Uruk shall lament for thee, and the nations shall mourn for thee, and in mourning the hair of Gigamesh shall become matted and into the wild he will wander in the skin of a lion.”

Enkidu listened to the word of Shamash, the warrior hero, and his angry heart became quieted. “O, Shamhat, thy destiny I shall improve. Governors and nobles will love thee. A league distant men shall slap their thighs for thee; at two leagues’ distance they shall shake their hair for thee. Soldiers shall unfasten their belts at thy will and shower thee with obsidian, precious stones, and gold. Jewelry shall be thine! Ishtar, the lofty goddess, shall open the doors to the home of a rich man, who shall desert his wife for thee thou she bare unto him seven children.”

But Enkidu’s mind remained disquieted, and he turned over his thoughts in his head. He relieved his heart and spoke to his friend. “What a dream I dreamed in my night’s sleep! The stars of heaven fell upon the earth. Frightened, I stood there. A man there stood as well, and his face became disturbed. His countenance was as frightening as the Thunderbird. Like a lion’s paws were his hands; like an eagle’s talons were his nails. By my hair he grabbed me, but though I struck at him, he overpowered me, capsizing me like a raft. He crushed me beneath his feet like a mighty bull, drowning me in his venomous spittle. Save me! He struck me and turned me into a dove and bound my arms as though they were wings.

“I have descended to the house of darkness, the dwelling of the goddess Irkalla; to the house, whence he that enters goes out no more; to the road, whose way turns not back; to the house, whose inhabitants are deprived of light;  to the place where dust is their sustenance, their food clay. They are clothed, like a bird, with feathered raiment. Light they see not; they sit in darkness. In the house, my friend, which I have entered, in that house crowns are cast down on the ground, and there live those who had worn crowns, who in days of old had ruled countries; to whom Anu and Enlil had given roasted meat to eat. Now, cold meals are prepared, and water from leather bottles is poured out for them. In the house, my friend, which I have entered, there dwell also priests and ministers. There dwell soothsayers and enchanters; there dwell the temple-anointers of the great gods. There dwells Etana, and there dwells Shakkan; there dwells also the queen of the earth (i.e., of Hades), the goddess Ereshkigal. There dwells the scribe of the earth, bowed down before her. He holds a tablet and reads before her, and Ereshkigal lifted up her head and saw me.

[The rest of the dream is lost.]

“Remember me, my friend, I who endured all hardships with thee. Forget me not!”

Gilgamesh opened his mouth to speak, saying, “My friend hath seen a vision the like of which none shall ever equal.”

On the day he had the dream, Enkidu’s strength faltered, and there lay Enkidu for twelve days on which Enkidu on his couch lay sick. On the third and the fourth day, his sickness worsened. On the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth days, the sickness of Enkidu worsened. The eleventh and the twelfth day Enkidu on his couch lay sick. Then he called to Gilgamesh and spoke unto his friend: “My god hath turned against me, and I die not as one who falls in battle. Though I feared a warrior’s death, he who dies in battle establishes a name everlasting. But I fall not in battle and establish no name.”

[The remaining lines describing Enkidu’s death are lost.]

TABLET VIII
As dawn broke, Gilgamesh offered lamentations for his friend: “O, Enkidu, thou who wert raised by thy mother the gazelle and thy father the donkey, who wert fed by the asses of the wilderness with their milk, who wert taught the pastures by the wild beast. O, Enkidu, mayest all the ways of the Forest of Cedar forever mourn thee! Let the elder of Uruk lament thee, and all the people of Uruk who cheered us on. Let the mountains and valleys mourn thee like a mother her son. Let the trees of the forest through which we fought, cypress and cedar alike, lament thee. Let all the wild beasts, the hyena, the panther, the cheetah, the stag, the jackal, the lion, the wild bull, the deer, and ibex, lament thee!

“Let the holy river Ulay, where we walked in our strength, mourn thee. May the pure Euphrates, whose waters we used for libations, mourn thee. Let the young men who watched us slay the Heaven-Bull lament thee, and let the plowman pay homage unto thee, calling out thy name whilst making his furrow.

“May the shepherd who made milk and butter for thy mouth mourn thee, and the shepherd boy who made clarified butter for thee, and the brewer who brewed thine ale. May, too, the harlot who anointed thee with aromatic oils mourn thee. Let all the people mourn thee as a brother, and this very day I shall myself mourn thee most of all.

“Hearest me, O youths of Uruk! Hearest me, O elders of Uruk! I mourn for Enkidu, lamenting with more fervor than any hired mourning woman! It is as though an evil gale hath robbed me of my trusty axe, my dagger and shield, my festive robe, and girdle.

“My friend, thou wert a swift wild ass, a donkey of the mountains, a panther of the wilderness. Together we climbed mountains, slew the Heaven-Bull, and ended the life of Humbaba, who dwelt in the Forest of Cedar. Now that thou art lost in sleep, can thou hearest me?”

Enkidu lifted not his head, and when Gilgamesh felt for his heart, there was no heartbeat. He covered the face of his friend as thou he were a bride. He circled him like an eagle, pacing like a lioness worried for her lost cubs. He tore out his curly hair and stripped off his fine garments as though they had become an abomination.

At the breaking of the dawn, Gilgamesh called out unto all the land: “O blacksmith, lapidary, and coppersmith! O goldsmith and jeweler! Fashion a statue of my friend whose features shall be of lapis lazuli, whose skin shall be made of gold! On a fine, grand couch, on a fine couch I will let thee recline. I will place thee upon a couch, a seat to the left. The kings of the earth shall kiss thy feet. The people of Uruk shall lament for thee, and the nations shall mourn for thee, and in mourning my hair shall become matted and into the wild I will wander in the skin of a lion.”

At the breaking of the dawn, Gilgamesh unsealed his treasury and examined all the wealth within. Gold and ivory and all manner of wealth he provided for Enkidu in abundance. [The lines describing the exact nature of the wealth are mutilated.] Fatted oxen and sheep he sacrificed for his friend, and Shamash carried the meat to the lords of Hades. Sacrifices he made unto Ishtar and Namra-sit and displayed them to Shamash, praying that the gods would welcome Enkidu and walk beside him. Offerings he made to Ereshkigal and to Dumuzi and displayed them to Shamash, praying that the gods would welcome Enkidu and walk beside him. Offerings he made to Namtar and Hushbisha and displayed them to Shamash, praying that the gods would welcome Enkidu and walk beside him. Offerings he made to Quassu-tabat and Ninshuluhha and displayed them to Shamash, praying that the gods would welcome Enkidu and walk beside him. Offerings he made to Bibbu and Dumuzi-abzu and displayed them to Shamash, praying that the gods would welcome Enkidu and walk beside him.

[Another speaks in a broken section] “……… the judge of the Anunnaki.”

When Gilgamesh hear what had been spoken he conceived a plan to dam the river.

At the breaking of the dawn, Gilgamesh opened the gate and carried out a great table of wood. He filled a carnelian dish with honey and a dish of lapis lazuli with butter and displayed them to Shamash.

[The rest is missing.]

TABLET IX
Gilgamesh wept bitterly over the loss of his friend Enkidu, and he lay stretched out upon the ground, (saying): “I shall die and become like Enkidu, but weeping has entered into my heart; fear of death has befallen me, and I lie here stretched out upon the ground. To find Utnapishtim, the son of Ubar-Tutu, I will set out, and I will go at once. At the mountain ravine I arrived by night-time. Lions I saw, and I was afraid; but I lifted my head to the god Sin and I prayed. To the majesty of the god came my cry, and he hearkened and saved me, even me.”

And in the night he saw a vision and a dream. Lions were enjoying themselves. And he lifted the axe in his hand, and he drew out the dagger from his belt. Like a javelin he threw himself between them; he wounded, killed, and scattered the lions. He clad himself in the skins of the lions and made a meal for himself of their flesh. Gilgamesh dug new wells to find water, and he chased after the winds.

But Shamash descended in concern and spoke unto Gilgamesh: “O, Gilgamesh, why wandersest thou? The life which thou seeketh, thou shalt find not.”

Gilagmesh sayeth unto Shamash, the hero: “When my wanderings are complete and I descend into Hades, shall I not find rest there? My years there shall be spent in slumber. Let my eyes drink in the sun until they have had their fill; Hades is a land of perpetual gloom, for when might the dead again see the sun’s glorious rays?”

He came now to the double mountain whose name is Mashu. He came to the mountain of Mashu, whose entrance is guarded daily by monsters, whose back extends to the dam of heaven, and whose breast reaches down to Hades. Scorpion-men guard its gate. Dreadful terror they spread, and it is death to behold them. Their splendour is fearful, overthrowing the mountains; from sunrise to sunset they guard the sun.

Gilgamesh beheld them, and with fear and terror his face grew dark. His mind became confused at the wildness of their aspect. But one scorpion-man said to his wife: “He that there cometh to us, flesh of the gods is his body.”

And the wife answered the scorpion-man: “Two thirds he resembles a god, and one third only a man.”

And the scorpion-man called and said unto Gilgamesh: “Has one of the gods given the order? How didst thee come to travel over far-distant roads, until thou should come unto me? The seas which thou hast crossed are dangerous; how didst thou maketh the journey?”

……… “I seeketh to go to Utnapishtim, my ancestor, who hath been removed into the assembly of the gods and hath thus power over life and death.”

The scorpion-man opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “None who cometh before thee has been like unto thee. Never before thee, O Gilgamesh, didst anyone traverse the path [of the Sun God] through the mountain. Twelve double-hours of heavy darkness in all directions must be penetrated.”

[The rest of the answer and Gilgamesh’s reply are fragmentary. But the hero was not discouraged, and the scorpion-man acceded to his urgent request and opened to him the gate of the mountain.]

The scorpion-man opened his mouth to speak, saying unto Gilgamesh: “Goest thou, O Gilamesh! May the mountains of Mashu alloweth thee to pass! May the mountains watch over thee and protect thee, and may the gates of Mashu be open unto thee!”

Gilgamesh hear the words of the scorpion-man, and he ventured onto the path of the Sun God. One double-hour he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. Two double-hours he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. Three double-hours he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. Four double-hours he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. Five double-hours he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. Six double-hours he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. Seven double-hours he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. At eight double-hours he begins to quicken his pace; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. At nine double-hours the wind begins to blow in his face; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. Ten double-hours he marches; thick is the darkness, not does it grow light. At eleven double-hours, but one double-hour’s travel remained. Two double-hours he marches; Gilgamesh emerges ahead of the Sun.

There was brilliance. And as he saw it, he ran toward the trees of the gods. One great tree, carnelian it bore as fruit, branches were hanging low with fruit, beautiful to behold. Lapis lazuli the branches of another bore; with fruit it was laden, dazzling the eye of the hero. Other precious trees are also there, and Gilgamesh reached out to touch their fruit.

As Gilgamesh wandered through the trees, a goddess lifted her head to watch him.

TABLET X
The tavern-keeper Siduri lived in a tavern by the sea. Her pot stands and pots were golden, and she was clothed in hoods and veils upon veils. Gilgamesh approached, clothed with a skin and fearful to gaze upon. His flesh was that of the gods, but his heart with heavy with grief. His countenance was like one who made a great journey. Sirudi saw him from afar off, and she spoke to herself and took counsel with herself: “Forsooth, this man must be a hunter of wild bulls, but whence cometh he to arrive at my gate?” And as Sirudi saw him approach she closed her gate. Its gate she closed and went up to her roof.
 
But Gilgamesh listened…. Lifts up his chin and turned toward her. Then Gilgamesh spoke unto Sirudi and said: “Sirudi, why doest thou bolt the gate against me? Thou bolted the gate against me, but I will break thy gate.”

Sirudi said unto Gilgamesh: “I bolted the gate against thee. I went up to my roof. About thy journey I wish to hear.”

Gilgamesh said unto Sirudi: “My friend Enkidu and I, together we climbed mountains, slew the Heaven-Bull, and ended the life of Humbaba, who dwelt in the Forest of Cedar. We killed the lions that lived between the mountains.”

And the tavern-keeper said unto Gilgamesh, “If truly thou art the one who climbed mountains, slew the Heaven-Bull, and ended the life of Humbaba, who dwelt in the Forest of Cedar, and slew the lions that lived between the mountains, then why art thou ashen and pale? Why art thy features sunken and hollow, thy countenance so sickly? Why is thine heart heavy with grief, and thy countenance like one who hath made a long journey? Why art thine features blasted by the weather, and why dost thou in lion’s skin wander?”

Gilgamesh said unto the tavern-keeper: “Wherefore should I not appear ashen and pale? Wherefore should not my features be sunken and hollow, my countenance so sickly? Wherefore should not my heart be heavy with grief, and my countenance like one who hath made a long journey? Wherefore should not my features be blasted by the weather, and I in lion’s skin wander? My friend, Enkidu wert a swift wild ass, a donkey of the mountains, a panther of the wilderness. My friend, whom I loved more than any man, accompanied me through every peril until the fate of all mortals befell him. For six days and seven nights I mourned him, I left his body unburied until from his nostril a maggot came forth. I feared death for myself, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. My friend’s fate was too grievous to bear, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. What happened to my beloved Enkidu was unbearable to me, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. Must I remain silent? The friend whom I loved has been turned to clay; Enkidu, my friend. And I will not, like unto him, lie down; not will I sink to where my friend is now.”

And Gilgamesh said unto her, the Sirudi: Tell me, O Sirudi, which is the way to Utnapishtim? What is its direction, O Sirudi, tell me its direction. If it be possible, I will cross the sea; but if it is impossible, I will run there across the field.”

And Sirudi answered unto Gilgamesh, and said: “Gilgamesh, there has never been a crossing here, and no one since eternal days has ever crossed the sea. Shamash, the hero, crosses it; but besides Shamash who can cross it? Difficult is the crossing, and extremely dangerous the way, and closed are the Waters of Death, which bolt its entrance. How, then, Gilgamesh, wilt thou cross the sea?  And if thou shouldst reach the Waters of Death, what wouldst thou do? But Gilgamesh, there is Urshinabi, the sailor of Utnapishtim at the side of those with stones; in the forest he fells a cedar. Him may thy countenance behold. If possible, cross over with him; but if impossible, go back.”

When Gilgamesh heard this, he lifted up the axe at his arm, drew the dagger from his belt, slipped in and rushed down and fell like a javelin between them. Urshinabi saw him coming and seized the axe, but Gilgamesh smote him on the head and held him down. The Stone Men, the boat crew themselves immune to the Waters of Death, took fright, and Gilgamesh smote them all and smashed them to pieces and threw them into the water. He then stood over Urshinabi and gazed into his eyes.

Urshinabi said unto Gilgamesh: “Tell me thy name. Mine is Urshinabi, of Utnapishtim, the distant.”

Gilgamesh said unto Urshinabi: “My name is Gilgamesh, late of Uruk-Eanna, he who found the hidden path through the mountains whence travels the Sun, and took that path hither.”

Urshinabi said unto Gilgamesh: “Why art thou ashen and pale? Why art thy features sunken and hollow, thy countenance so sickly? Why is thine heart heavy with grief, and thy countenance like one who hath made a long journey? Why art thine features blasted by the weather, and why dost thou in lion’s skin wander?”

Gilgamesh said unto Urshinabi: “Wherefore should I not appear ashen and pale? Wherefore should not my features be sunken and hollow, my countenance so sickly? Wherefore should not my heart be heavy with grief, and my countenance like one who hath made a long journey? Wherefore should not my features be blasted by the weather, and I in lion’s skin wander? My friend, Enkidu wert a swift wild ass, a donkey of the mountains, a panther of the wilderness. My friend, whom I loved more than any man, accompanied me through every peril until the fate of all mortals befell him. For six days and seven nights I mourned him, I left his body unburied until from his nostril a maggot came forth. I feared death for myself, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. My friend’s fate was too grievous to bear, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. What happened to my beloved Enkidu was unbearable to me, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. Must I remain silent? The friend whom I loved has been turned to clay; Enkidu, my friend. And I will not, like unto him, lie down; not will I sink to where my friend is now.”

Gilgamesh further said unto Urshinabi: “Telleth me, Urshinabi, the road to Utnapishtim. What landmarks guide the journey? Tell me! If possible, I shall cross over the see; but if impossible, I shall go back.”

Urshinabi said unto Gilgamesh: “Thy hand, O Gilgamesh, has prevented the crossing. Thou hast smashed the Stone Men and threw them into the river. The Stone Men are now smashed and the pine is not stripped. Take, Gilgamesh, the axe at thy side, go into the wood and make three hundred punting-poles five gar long. Trim and finish each and bring them unto me.”

And Gilgamesh on hearing this took the axe at his side, and drew the dagger from his belt. He went into the woods and felled trees three hundred punting-poles five gar in length, smeared them over with pitch and brought them to Urshinabi. Then Gilgamesh and Urshinabi embarked;
the ship tossed to and fro while they were on their way. A journey of forty and five days they accomplished within three days, and thus Urshinabi arrived at the Waters of Death.

Urshinabi said unto Gilgamesh: “O, Gilgamesh, take thee the first of the punting-poles! Let not thy hand touch the Waters of Death, lest if wither. Take thee the second of the punting-poles, and a third and a fourth! Take thee the fifth of the punting-poles, and the sixth and the seventh! Take thee the eighth of the punting-poles, and a ninth and a tenth! Take thee the eleventh of the punting poles, and a twelfth!”

After six score double furlongs, all the punting-poles had Gilgamesh used. Urshinabi removed his robes, and Gilgamesh his garments, and from them Urshinabi fashioned a sail.

And Utnapishtim looking at him from the distance began thinking within himself, and with himself he thus meditated: “Why are the Stone Men of the ship smashed? And one, who is not its master rides in the ship. He that comes there is no man of mine. On the right side…….  I look….

I look…. I look…. He that comes there is no man of mine.”

Gilgamesh drew nigh unto the shore, and he spoke unto Utnapishtim: “O, Utnapishtim, thou who surviveth the Deluge……” [The rest is lost.]

Utnapishtim said unto Gilgamesh: “Why art thou ashen and pale? Why art thy features sunken and hollow, thy countenance so sickly? Why is thine heart heavy with grief, and thy countenance like one who hath made a long journey? Why art thine features blasted by the weather, and why dost thou in lion’s skin wander?”

Gilgamesh said unto Utnapishtim: “Wherefore should I not appear ashen and pale? Wherefore should not my features be sunken and hollow, my countenance so sickly? Wherefore should not my heart be heavy with grief, and my countenance like one who hath made a long journey? Wherefore should not my features be blasted by the weather, and I in lion’s skin wander? My friend, Enkidu wert a swift wild ass, a donkey of the mountains, a panther of the wilderness. My friend, whom I loved more than any man, accompanied me through every peril until the fate of all mortals befell him. For six days and seven nights I mourned him, I left his body unburied until from his nostril a maggot came forth. I feared death for myself, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. My friend’s fate was too grievous to bear, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. What happened to my beloved Enkidu was unbearable to me, and so on the distant road I wander the wilderness. Must I remain silent? The friend whom I loved has been turned to clay; Enkidu, my friend. And I will not, like unto him, lie down; not will I sink to where my friend is now.”

And Gilgamesh said unto Utnapishtim: “Here I have come, and Utnapishtim, whom people call the ‘distant,’ I will see. To him I will turn. I have travelled through all the lands, I have crossed over the steep mountains, and I have traversed all the seas. I had little sleep and castigated myself by denying me rest. I have filled my very sinews with grief, and all in vain. Before I reached the tavern-keeper, my clothes had worn away. I killed wild beasts, the hyena, the panther, the cheetah, the stag, the jackal, the lion, the wild bull, the deer, and ibex. Their flesh I ate and their pelts I wore. But now close fast the gates of sorrow, seal them fast with tar and pitch! Sorrow shall never again interrupt my revelry and joy!”

Utnapishim said unto Gilgamesh: “Wherefore dost thou follow after sorrows? Thou art made of godly stuff, fashioned from flesh human and divine in the image of thine father and mother. Hast thou contrasted thy lot to that of the fool? For thee a throne was set up in the assembly on which thou wert commanded to sit. The fool eateth the yeast that remaineth, not fresh butter; he eateth bran and grist, not milled flour. He weareth rags, not fine robes; no belt but old rope. [Portions that follow are fragmentary and describe the actions of the gods.] Enkidu the gods have indeed brought down to his doom. But what hast thou gained from thy toil? As thou exhausteth thine energies and sap thy strength, thou only hasten the end of thy days. The life of a man may be snapped like a dry reed. The handsome youth and the comely maid, both may fall to Death all too soon. None might see Death or hear his voice, though Death reapeth us all.

“As long as houses are built, as long as tablets are sealed, as long as brothers are at enmity, as long as there exist strife and hatred in the land, as long as the river carries the waters to the sea, etc., so long is there no likeness of death drawn, never shall the dead great the living. The Anunnaki, the great gods, assemble and Mammitum, the goddess of fate, she who with them determines fate, will do so, for they determine death and life. But the days of death are unknown to mankind.” 

TABLET XI
Gilgamesh said to him, to Utnapishtim, the distant: “I gaze upon thee (in amazement), O Utnapishtim! Thy appearance has not changed, like unto me thou art also. And thy nature itself has not changed, like unto me thou art also, though thou hast departed this life. But my heart has still to struggle against all that no longer lies upon thee. Tell me, How didst thou come to dwell (here) and obtain eternal life among the gods?”

Utnapishtim then said unto Gilgamesh: “I will reveal unto thee, O Gilgamesh, the mysterious story, and the mystery of the gods I will tell thee. The city of Shuruppak, a city which, as thou knowest, is situated on the bank of the river Euphrates. That city was very old, as were the gods within it. Even the great gods, as many as there were, decided to bring about a deluge: their father, Anu; their counsellor, the warrior Enlil; their leader, Ninurta; their champion, the god Ennugi. But Ea, the lord of unfathomable wisdom, argued with them. Their plan he told to a reed-hut, (saying):

“‘Reed-hut, reed-hut, clay-structure, clay-structure! Reed-hut, hear; clay-structure, pay attention! Thou man of Shuruppak, son of Ubara-Tutu, build a house, construct a ship; forsake thy possessions, take heed of the living! Abandon thy goods, save living things, and bring living seed of every kind into the ship. As for the ship, which thou shalt build, let its proportions be well measured: Its breadth and its length shall bear proportion each to each, and into the sea then launch it.’

“I took heed, and said to Ea, my lord:

“‘I will do, my lord, as thou hast commanded; I will observe and will fulfil the command. But what shall I answer to (the inquiries of) the city, the people, and the elders?’

“Ea opened his mouth and spoke, and he said unto me, his servant:

“‘Man, as an answer say thus unto them: “I know that Enlil hates me. No longer can I live in your city; nor on Enlil’s territory can I live securely any longer; I will go down to the Apsu; I will live with Ea, my lord. Upon you he will pour down rich blessing. He will grant you fowl in plenty and fish in abundance, herds of cattle and an abundant harvest. In the morning he will pour down upon you bread, in the evening a rain of wheat.”’

“As soon as early dawn appeared, the populace assembled ’round Atra-hasis’s gate, the carpenter with his hatchet, the reed-worker with his flattening-stone, the […] men […]. The rich men brought pitch, and the poor men collected together all that was necessary.

“On the fifth day I set in place her exterior; it was an acre in area; its sides were ten gar high; ten gar also was the extent of its deck; I added a front-roof to it and closed it in. I built it in six stories, thus making seven floors in all; the interior of each I divided again into nine partitions. Beaks for water within I cut out. I selected a punting-pole and added all that was necessary. Three šar of pitch I smeared on its outside; three šar of asphalt I used for the inside (so as to make it water-tight). Three šar of oil the men carried, carrying it in vessels. One šar of oil I kept out and used it for sacrifices, while the other two šar the boatman stowed away. I slaughtered oxen; I killed lambs day by day. Jugs of beer, of oil, and of sweet wine, like river water (i.e., freely) I gave the workmen to make a feast like that of the New-Year’s Day. To the god Shamash my hands brought oil. The ship was completed. Launching it was heavy work, and I added tackling above and below, and after all was finished, the ship sank in the water to two thirds of its height.

“With all that I possessed I filled it; with all the silver I had I filled it; with all the gold I had I filled it; with living creatures of every kind I filled it. Then I embarked also all my family and my relatives, cattle of the field, beasts of the field, and the uprighteous people—all them I embarked. A time had Shamash appointed, (namely): ‘When the rulers of darkness send at eventide a destructive rain, then enter into the ship and shut its door.’ This very sign came to pass, and the rulers of darkness sent a destructive rain at eventide. I saw the approach of the storm, and I was afraid to witness the storm; I entered the ship and shut the door.

“I entrusted the guidance of the ship to Puzur-Amurri, the boatman, and also the great house, and the contents thereof. As soon as early dawn appeared, there rose up from the horizon a black cloud, within which the weather god (Adad) thundered, and the heralds Shullat and Hanish went before across mountain and plain. The gods of the abyss arose. Nergal, the great, tore loose the dams of the deep. There went Ninurta and he caused the banks to overflow; the Anunnaki lifted on high (their) torches, and with the brightness thereof they illuminated the universe. The storm brought on by Adad swept even up to the heavens and all light was turned into darkness as Adad shattered the land like a pot.

“It blew with violence one whole day, submerging the mountains. Like an onslaught in battle it rushed in on the people. Nor could brother look after brother. Nor were recognised the people from heaven. The gods even were afraid of the storm; they retreated and took refuge in the heaven of Anu. There the gods crouched down like dogs; on the inclosure of heaven they sat cowering.

“Then Ishtar cried out like a woman in travail and the lady of the gods lamented with a loud voice, (saying): ‘The world of old has been turned back into clay, because I assented to this evil in the assembly of the gods. Alas! that when I assented to this evil in the council of the gods, I was for the destruction of my own people. What I have created, where is it? Like the spawn of fish it fills the sea.’ The gods wailed with her over the Anunnaki. The gods were bowed down, and sat there weeping. Their lips were pressed together (in fear and in terror).

“Six days and nights the wind blew, and storm and tempest overwhelmed the country. When the seventh day drew nigh the tempest, the storm, the battle which they had waged like a great host began to moderate. The sea quieted down; hurricane and storm ceased. I looked out upon the sea and raised loud my voice, but all mankind had turned back into clay. Likewise the surrounding sea became as flat as a roof-top.

“I opened the air-hole and light fell upon my cheek. Dumbfounded I sank backward and sat weeping, while over my cheek flowed the tears. I looked in every direction, and behold, all was sea. I looked in vain for land, but twelve leagues distant there rose (out of the water) a strip of land. To Mount Niṣir the ship drifted. On Mount Niṣir the boat stuck fast and it did not slip away. The first day, the second day, Mount Niṣir held the ship fast, and did not let it slip away. The third day, the fourth day, Mount Niṣir held the ship fast, and did not let it slip away. The fifth day, the sixth day, Mount Niṣir held the ship, fast, and did not let it slip away. When the seventh day drew nigh I sent out a dove, and let her go. The dove flew hither and thither, but as there was no resting-place for her, she returned. Then I sent out a swallow, and let her go. The swallow flew hither and thither, but as there was no resting-place for her she also returned. Then I sent out a raven, and let her go. The raven flew away and saw the abatement of the waters. She settled down to feed, went away, and returned no more.

“Then I let everything go out unto the four winds, and I offered a sacrifice. I poured out a libation upon the peak of the mountain. I placed the censers seven and seven, and poured into them calamus, cedar-wood, and sweet incense. The gods smelt the savour; yea, the gods smelt the sweet savour; the gods gathered like flies around the sacrificer. But when now the lady of the gods (Ishtar) drew nigh, she lifted up the necklace with precious jewels which Anu had made according to her wish (and said):

“‘Ye gods here! by my lapis lazuli necklace, not will I forget. These days will I remember, never will I forget (them). Let the gods come to the offering; but Enlil shall not come to the offering, since rashly he caused the flood-storm, and handed over my people unto destruction.’

“Now, when Enlil drew nigh, and saw the ship, the god was wroth, and anger against the gods, the Igigi, filled his heart, (and he said): ‘Who then has escaped here (with his life)? No man was to survive the universal destruction.’

“Then Ninurta opened his mouth and spoke, saying unto Enlil, the warrior: ‘Who but Ea could have planned this! For does not Ea know all arts?’

Then Ea opened his mouth and spoke, saying unto Enlil, the warrior:

“‘Ay, thou wise one among the gods, thou warrior, how rash of thee to bring about a flood-storm! On the sinner visit his sin, and on the wicked his wickedness; but be merciful, forbear, let not all be destroyed! Be considerate, let not mankind perish! Instead of sending a flood-storm, let lions come and diminish mankind; instead of sending a flood-storm, let tigers come and diminish mankind; instead of sending a flood-storm, let famine come and smite the land; instead of sending a flood-storm, let pestilence come and kill off the people. I did not reveal the mystery of the great gods. I only caused Atra-hasis to see it in a dream, and so he heard the mystery of the gods.’

“Thereupon Enlil arrived at a decision. Enlil went up into the ship, took me by the hand and led me out. He led out also my wife and made her kneel beside me; He turned us face to face, and standing between us, blessed us, (saying) ‘Ere this Utnapishtim was only human; But now Utnapishtim and his wife shall be lofty like unto the gods; let Utnapishtim live far away (from men) at the mouth of the rivers.’

“Then they took me and let us dwell far away at the mouth of the rivers.”

After Utnapishtim had finished this account, he turned to Gilgamesh and said: “Now as for thee, which one of the gods shall give thee strength, that the life thou desirest thou shalt obtain? Now sleep!” And for six days and seven nights Gilgamesh resembled one lying lame. Sleep came over him like a storm wind. Then Utnapishtim said to his wife: “Behold, here is the hero whose desire is everlasting life! Sleep came upon him like a storm wind.” And the wife replied to Utnapishtim, the distant:  “Touch him that he may waken and return to his land. Let him, restored in health, return on the road on which he came. Let him pass out through the great door unto his own country.” And Utnapishtim said to his wife: “All men deceive, and this one will deceive you. Therefore, cook now for him loaves and place one at his head each day, and mark on the wall the days he has slept.”

And while Gilgamesh slept, she cooked the loaves to place it at his head and marked the wall. And while he slept, the first loaf became hard; the second became leathery; the third became soggy; the fourth became white; the fifth became gray with mold; the sixth, it was fresh; the seventh—of a sudden the man awoke upon being touched.

Then spoke Gilgamesh, and said unto Utnapishtim, the distant: “I had sunk down, and sleep had befallen me. Of a sudden thou didst touch me, and I awoke! And Utnapishtim said unto Gilgamesh: “Gilgamesh, look over yonder and count the loaves, heed the marks on the wall. The first loaf is hard; the second is leathery; the thirdly is soggy; the fourth is white; the fifth is gray with mold; the sixth, it is fresh; the seventh, while still warm I touched you and you awoke.”

And Gilgamesh said unto Utnapishtim, the distant: “What shall I do, Utnapishtim? Whither shall I go? The demon has seized my flesh. Upon my couch death now sits. And where my foot treads, there is death.”

And Utnapishtim said to Urshanabi, the ferryman: “Urshanabi, thou have become loathsome to this harbor; let the boat carry thee away; you are forever excluded from this place. The man, before whom thou goest, has his body covered with foulness, and the wild skins he wears have hidden the beauty of his body. Take him, Urshanabi, and bring him to the place of purification, where he can wash his hair in water that it may become clean as snow; let him cast off his skins and the sea will carry them away; his body shall then appear beautiful. Let the fillet also be replaced on his head, and the garment that covers his nakedness. Until he returns to his city, until he arrives at his road, the garment shall not wear with age; it shall remain entirely new.”

And Urshanabi took him and brought him to the place of purification, where he washed his hair in water so that it became clean as snow; he cast off his skins and the sea carried them away; his body appeared beautiful. He replaced also the fillet on his head and the garment that covered his nakedness until he should return to his city, until he should arrive at his road; the garment would not wear with age; it remained entirely new.

Then Gilgamesh and Urshanabi embarked again, and during their journey the ship tossed to and fro. The wife of Utnapishtim spoke unto her husband, the distant, (saying): “Gilgamesh did come here weary and exhausted. What now wilt thou give him, that he may return to his country?”

And Gilgamesh lifted up the pole, and drew the boat nearer to the shore.

Then Utnapishtim spoke unto Gilgamesh (and said): “Gilgamesh, thou didst come here weary; thou didst labour and row. What now shall I give thee, that thou mayest return to thy country? I will reveal unto thee, Gilgamesh, a mystery of the gods I will announce unto thee. There is a plant resembling buckthorn; its thorn stings like that of a bramble. When thy hands can reach that plant, then thy hands will hold that which gives life everlasting.”

When Gilgamesh had heard this he opened the sluices that the sweet water might carry him into the deep; he bound heavy stones to his feet, which dragged him down to the sea floor, and thus he found the plant. Then he grasped the prickly plant. He removed from his feet the heavy stones, and the sea carried him and threw him down to on the shore.

And Gilgamesh said unto Urshanabi, the ferryman: “Urshanabi, this plant is a plant of great marvel; and by it a man may attain renewed vigour. I will take it to Uruk the strong-walled, I will give it to the old men to eat. Its name shall be ‘Even an old man will be rejuvenated!’ I will eat of this and return (again) to the vigour of my youth.”

At twenty double-leagues they then took a meal: and at thirty double-leagues they took a rest. And Gilgamesh saw a well wherein was cool water; he stepped into it and bathed in the water. A serpent smelled the sweetness of the plant and darted out; he took the plant away, and as he turned back to the well, he sloughed his skin. And after this Gilgamesh sat down and wept. Tears flowed down his cheeks, and he said unto Urshanabi, the ferryman:

“Why, Urshanabi, did my hands tremble? Why did the blood of my heart stand still? Not on myself did I bestow any benefit. On the ‘ground-lion’ this benefit has been bestowed. Already twenty double-leagues the waters have taken the plant away. I opened the sluices and lowered my equipment into it. I saw the sign; it has become an omen to me. I am to return, leaving the ship on the shore.”

Then they continued on and took a meal after twenty double-leagues, and after thirty double-leagues they took a rest. When they arrived at Uruk the strong-walled, Gilgamesh then spoke to Urshanabi, the ferryman, (and said):

“Urshanabi, ascend and walk about on the wall of Uruk, inspect the corner-stone, and examine its brick-work, whether its wall is not made of burned brick, and its foundation laid by the Seven Sages. One third for city, one third for garden, one third for field, and a precinct for the temple of Ishtar. These parts and the precinct comprise Uruk.”

TABLET XII
“Today, had I but left my ball in the shop of the carpenter! O wife of the carpenter, like a mother unto me, had I but left it! O daughter of the carpenter, like a sister unto me, had I but left it! Today my ball and my mallet fell down to Hades.”

Enkidu answered Gilgamesh and said unto him: “Weep not, my master, for this day I shall go down to Hades and retrieve for thee thy mallet and thy ball.”

Gilgamesh answered Enkidu and said unto him: “If thou art to goest down unto Hades, thou must heed my advice. Dress not in a clean garment, or thou shalt be revealed as a stranger. With sweet-smelling bull’s fat must thou no more anoint thyself, or the dead shalt gather around thee on account of this sweet odor. The bow thou must not stretch upon the ground, or those that were slain with the bow shalt gather round about thee. The staff thou must not carry in thy hand, or the spirits of death will tremble before thee. Sandals thou must not tie to thy feet; a (war) cry thou must not shout here on earth; thy wife whom thou lovedst, thou must not kiss; thy wife whom thou hatedst, thou must not smite. Thy son whom thou lovedst, thou must not kiss; thy son whom thou hatedst, thou must not smite. The woes of the netherworld have overtaken thee; as well as she that is dark, she that is dark, mother Ninazu, who is dark, whose white, shining body is not clothed with a garment, whose breasts were bare like stone.”

But when Enkidu wend down unto Hades, he paid no heed to the advice of Gilgamesh. He dressed in a clean garment, and he was revealed as a stranger. With sweet-smelling bull’s fat he anointed himself, and the dead gathered around him on account of this sweet odor. The bow he did stretch upon the ground, and those that were slain with the bow gathered round about him. The staff he carried in his hand, and the spirits of death trembled before him. Sandals he tied to his feet; a (war) cry he shouted here on earth; his wife whom he loved, he kissed; the wife whom he hated, he smote. Thy son whom he loved, he kissed; the son whom he hated, he smote. The woes of the netherworld overtook him; as well as she that is dark, she that is dark, mother Ninazu, who is dark, whose white, shining body is not clothed with a garment, whose breasts were bare like stone.”

From the Netherworld, Enkidu cried out to the world above. Namtar has not snatched him away. Asakku has not snatched him away not. The netherworld has snatched him away. The lurking demon of Nergal, the merciless, has not snatched him away. The netherworld has snatched him away. The battlefield has not slain him, but the netherworld has snatched him away.

Then Gilgamesh went alone to Ekur the House of Enlil and prayed: “Father Enlil, my ball has fallen into the netherworld, and my mallet has fallen in as well. Enkidu has sunk down to the shades to retrieve them, but the netherworld has seized him! Namtar has not snatched him away. Asakku has not snatched him away not. The netherworld has snatched him away. The lurking demon of Nergal, the merciless, has not snatched him away. The netherworld has snatched him away. The battlefield has not slain him, but the netherworld has snatched him away.” Father Enlil answered him not.

Then Gilgamesh went alone to Ur the House of Sin and prayed: “Father Sin, my ball has fallen into the netherworld, and my mallet has fallen in as well. Enkidu has sunk down to the shades to retrieve them, but the netherworld has seized him! Namtar has not snatched him away. Asakku has not snatched him away not. The netherworld has snatched him away. The lurking demon of Nergal, the merciless, has not snatched him away. The netherworld has snatched him away. The battlefield has not slain him, but the netherworld has snatched him away.” Father Sin answered him not.

Then Gilgamesh went alone to Eridu the Temple of Enki and prayed: “Father Enki, my ball has fallen into the netherworld, and my mallet has fallen in as well. Enkidu has sunk down to the shades to retrieve them, but the netherworld has seized him! Namtar has not snatched him away. Asakku has not snatched him away not. The netherworld has snatched him away. The lurking demon of Nergal, the merciless, has not snatched him away. The netherworld has snatched him away. The battlefield has not slain him, but the netherworld has snatched him away.”

Father Enki helped him and spoke to the hero and lord Shamash: “Break open the chamber of the grave and open the ground, that the spirit of Enkidu, like a wind, may rise out of the ground.”

When Shamash, the hero and lord, heard this prayer, he broke open the chamber of the grave and opened the ground, and caused the spirit of Enkidu to rise out of the ground, like a wind. Gilgamesh and Enkidu hugged and kissed one another, and shared their thoughts and queries.

“Tell me, my friend, O tell me, my friend; the appearance of the land, which thou hast seen, O tell me!"

But Enkidu replied: “I cannot tell thee, my friend, I cannot tell thee. If I would describe to thee the appearance of the land that I have seen, surely, Gilgamesh, thou wouldst sit down and weep.”

And Gilgamesh said unto him: “Then let me sit down and weep!”

“Bitter and sad is all that formerly gladdened thy heart, my body like an old garment that the worm does eat. Enkidu, what formerly gladdened thy heart, all is cloaked in dust.”

“Woe!” cried Gilgamesh, who threw himself to the ground.

“Woe!” cried Enkidu, who threw himself to the ground.

“Didst thou seest the man with one son?” “I saw him. He weepeth over a peg fixed in his wall.” “Didst thou seest the man with two sons?” “I saw him. He eateth bread atop two bricks.” “Didst thou seest the man with three sons?” “I saw him. He drinketh water atop a saddle.” “Didst thou seest the man with four sons?” “I saw him. His heart rejoiceth like the man with a team of donkeys.” “Didst though seest the man with five sons?” “I saw him. He entereth the palace with the ease of a scribe.” “Didst thou seest the man with six sons?” “I saw him. He sitteth enthroned among the lesser gods in the assembly.” “Didst thou seest the man with no son?” “I saw him. He eateth bread as hard as a kiln-fired brick.” “Didst thou seest the eunuch of the palace?” “I saw him. He standeth in the corner like a standard.”

“Didst thou seest him who was struck by the mooring-pole?” “I saw him. Woe unto his mother and father, for when the pegs are removed, he roams about.” “Didst thou seest him who died before his time?” “I saw him. He rests on a soft couch, and drinks pure water.” “Didst thou seest the hero slain in battle?” “I saw him. His father and mother remember him, and his wife weepeth for him. Yea! the spirit of such a man is at rest.” “Didst thou see the man whose corpse remains unburied upon the field?” I saw him. His spirit does not find rest in Hades.” “Didst thou seest the man whose spirit has no one who cares for it?” “I saw him. He consumes the dregs of the bowl, the broken remnants of food, that are cast into the street.”